When I came to, I was in a burning field.

I guess there was a big fire.
The familiar town had turned to ashes and it looked like the remains of a battlefield from a movie.
But that didn't last long either.
The fire had died down by the time the sun rose.
The tall wall of flame had shortened, and most of the buildings had fallen.

...It felt strange, being the only thing in that place that still had its original form.
I was the only one still alive around here.
I must have been really lucky, or my house was built in a very lucky spot.
I don't know which it was, but the point is, I was the only one left alive.

I felt that since I survived, I should live on.
I started walking aimlessly, because I thought it would be dangerous just to stay there.
I wasn't really concerned about getting burned up like the people lying around me.
...Probably because, over and above not wanting to be like them, I had a stronger feeling in my mind.

But still, I had no hope.
It was already a wonder I was still alive, so I couldn't expect to be saved.
I won't survive.
Whatever happens, I won't be able to escape from this red world.
It was such an absolute hell that even a small child could understand it.

And I collapsed.
Was it because there was no air? Was it because no function was left in my body?
Anyway, I collapsed and stared up at the clouded sky.

Everything around me was burned up and I could see many shriveled people.
The dark clouds loomed overhead, telling me it would rain soon.
...That's good. The fire will be put out once it rains.

In the end, I sighed deeply and looked up at the sky.
I say to myself that it hurts.
I say so on behalf of all the people who couldn't even say so.

That was ten years ago.
After that, I was miraculously saved.
My body survived.
But I think all the other things about me burned up and were reduced to ashes.

If you take away a child's parents, home, and all such things, there's nothing left for him.
That's why there was only my body.
I think it's a simple story.
In other words, in order to let my body live...
My heart died.

I'm dreaming.

"Huh!?"
I squint my eyes at the white light.
"So bright", I think.
It was just light entering my eyes when I woke up, but I'm not used to it.
I probably didn't even understand what the bright light meant.

"Huh?"
When my eyes focus, I'm surprised.
I'm lying on an unfamiliar bed, in an unfamiliar room.
I'm surprised, but the room is so white and clean that I feel safe.

"...Where am I?"
I look around.
The room is big and there are many beds.
A person is in each bed, and everyone seems to be hurt.

But nothing feels ill in this room.
Everyone who's hurt is someone who was saved.

I relax and let my eyes wander.

Outside the window,        The bright blue sky was unbelievably beautiful.

After a few days, I finally understood.
I could clearly remember what had happened in the past few days.
Even so, I was no different from a newborn baby.
Not just a metaphor, it was close to the truth.

Anyway, it was a terrible fire.
I had been saved from it, was in the hospital with my body wrapped in bandages, and my parents were gone.
I didn't get the situation, but I vaguely understood that I was alone.
I think I understood quickly.
...Well, there was nothing but children in similar situations around me, so all I could do was absorb the fact.

And after that.
That man came, right when I was beginning to worry what would happen to me next.

He came on the day my bandages were taken off and I was able to eat without help.
Wrinkled coat and uncombed hair.
The man, a bit younger than the doctor, felt more like a big brother than a father.

"Hello. You must be Shirou-kun."
A smile that seems to melt into the white sunlight.
I think it was a suspicious voice, but a very kind voice.

"I'll ask you directly. Which would you prefer? To go to an orphanage, or to be adopted by this man you've never seen before?"
That man was saying he could adopt me.
When I asked him if he was a relative of mine, he said he was just a stranger.
...He looked like an unreliable guy with no future.
But it made no difference, as I knew nothing about either one: him or the orphanage.
So I decided to go with him.

"I see, that's good. Get ready quickly, then. You should get used to your new place as fast as you can."
The guy quickly started packing my stuff.
His packing wasn't very good, even in the eyes of a child.
Then, after making a big mess...

"Oh, I forgot to mention something important.
I have to tell you one thing before you come with me.
Is that okay?"
He turns to me lightheartedly and says,"Yeah.
To start off with, I'm a sorcerer."
He says it in a serious, exaggerated tone.

It happened in an instant.
Come to think of it now, I was really a child back then.
I automatically believed those words.
"Wow, you're awesome."
I guess I said so with bright eyes.

Since that time, I became his child.
Actually, I don't remember what I said back then.
But my father would always talk about that day.
He would remember and retell the story again and again.
So for my father, Emiya Kiritsugu, that might have been the happiest day of his life.

...So.
I guess it was strange for my father to tell me that he was a sorcerer, but I was strange as well for admiring that.
And thus, I became an adopted son, and my last name became Emiya.
Emiya Shirou.
When I said my name, I was really proud of having the same last name as Kiritsugu.

...I'm dreaming.

A story from my childhood.
It was when I finally convinced my father to make me his student, so it must have been about eight years ago.

When I was old enough to stay at home by myself, Kiritsugu started to leave the house on a regular basis.
He would say in his normal tone that he would "travel the world", and he began to act on these words.

That's how it was after that.
It was normal for him to leave the house empty for a month, and he sometimes wouldn't come home for half a year.
The Emiya house is a big Japanese-style house, and Kiritsugu and I were the only ones living there.
I was perplexed in this house at times, as it was too big for a child.

But still, I liked my life here.
Emiya Kiritsugu would come home from his journeys and tell me lots of stories like a child.
And the child who shared his last name would be at home waiting for those stories.
I was always alone in the house, but that loneliness would all fade with the stories he brought back.

The father who was always chasing his dreams like a kid.
His attitude was astounding, but he always seemed dazzling to me.
That might be why I wanted to be like him someday.

...Well, on top of that....
Looking at my ever-dreaming father, I felt I should become reliable myself

...I hear a sound.
I hear a heavy, old, rusty sound as the door opens.

Light enters the dark shed.
"Uh."
My mind, waking up...
"Senpai, are you awake?"
...Feels the cold air and the approaching footsteps.

"...Mm. Good morning, Sakura."
"Ah, yes. Good morning, Senpai."
Sakura smiles and nods as if accustomed to this situation.

"Senpai, it's morning already. You have some more time, but Fujimura-Sensei will get mad if you stay asleep here."

"Oh... you're right. Thanks for coming to wake me up."

"It's no problem at all. You're always up so early.
I can only come and wake you up like this occasionally."
...?
Sakura seems more upbeat than usual today as if she's happy about something.

"...Really? I think you wake me up quite often.
Though, Fuji-Nee always hits me to wake me up, so I'd rather have you wake me up... Well, I'll try harder next time."

...I answer her with a sleepy head.
I don't know what I'm saying with my mind not fully awake.

"All right. But I'm happier when you don't try."
Sakura is giggling.
...Gah, I guess my head was still dozing and I said something weird.

"Give me a second, I'll wake up."

Taking a deep breath, I clear up my mind.
The cold outdoor air helps in situations like this.
The chill works well to beat the sleepiness out of my head.

...In front of me is Matou Sakura, my junior at school.
This place is a shed behind my house, and the time is six o'clock.

"...Senpai?"
;//splitted
"Yeah, I'm awake now. Sorry, I guess I did it again.[l]
I have to help you cook breakfast too."
"It's fine. You were up late last night again, right? So you should take your time in the morning. I'll get breakfast ready."

Sakura says so in a happy tone.
...It's unusual. Sakura really seems to be in a good mood this morning.

"I can't let you do that. I'll get up right now, so let's go to the kitchen together."

"All right, I'm all set. Let's go, Sakura."
"Ah... um, Senpai..."
"Hm? What, is something wrong?"
"No, it's nothing, but... I think you should change before you go back to the house."

"Oh."
That said, I look down at myself.
I fell asleep while I was working, so I'm still wearing my overalls.
Being my work clothes, they're pretty dirty. I can't imagine what Fuji-Nee would say to me if I went into the house like this.

"Ugh... I guess I'm not awake yet. I'm a bit out of it this morning."
"That could be. So you rest here for a bit and I'll take care of breakfast. And you know, if you keep this place a mess, Fujimura-Sensei will get mad at you."

"...You're right. I'll go after I get changed. You go on ahead."
"Yes, I'll be waiting, Senpai."

Sakura leaves.
Well.
I have to change into my school uniform and clear up this mess.

The shed is built on the edge of our yard, and just as it seems, it's a warehouse we put all our junk in.
But for me, it's a place of treasures as I've enjoyed messing with things since I was a kid.

Father didn't allow me to go into the shed, but I always sneaked in here. As a result, it became my base.
For me, Emiya Shirou, I guess you could call this place my real room.
The big Emiya household doesn't suit me, and I can only relax in this space full of junk.

"...Besides, it's a waste. Even if it's junk, you can still use it."
Most of the things in here are appliances that can't be used any more.

Did I bring all the junk in here because I liked the place, or did I come to like it here because of all the junk?
Anyway, since I was always sneaking in here, it became my hobby to fix the broken things.

It's not like I get attached to things.
I think it just annoys me not to use things that can still be used.
And just like that, I was fixing up this stove all last night.

"...I guess I'll finish this tomorrow. It seems I don't have enough concentration, seeing how I fell asleep halfway."
I shake off the feeling of disappointment in myself.
I gather up the parts of the stove and put them on the shelf full of things waiting to be fixed.

There are no spaces on this shelf full of things awaiting repair. An old VCR awaits after the stove.
...I guess I'll ignore the fact that Fuji-Nee broke both of them.

"...All right."
I change into my uniform.
This place is like my room, and it holds changes of clothes along with other things I need.

It also has lots of blueprints and junk, the result of failures from when I do my training.
There's also some kind of old design inscribed on the floor, like an altar or something.

"Well, let's get today started."
Clapping my hands in prayer to the shed, I head for the house.

I emerge from the shed.
The Emiya house is a Japanese-style house on the outskirts of town.
My father wasn't much of a respected person in town, but he somehow still had this huge house.
That on its own is a mystery, but it also seems he didn't have any relatives in Japan.
That's why the house became mine and no one else's when my father died.

Though, to be honest, I don't have that kind of management ability.
Old Man Fujimura is in charge of complicated things like inheritance and property taxes.

Old Man Fujimura is the big landlord in this neighborhood.
According to Father, "the old man's like a yakuza boss".
Of course, this is just prejudice.
He's not "like" a yakuza boss, he "is" a yakuza boss.

"......"
Well, that's a problem in itself, but I prefer to ignore it.

It's certainly true that he's energetic and scary, but he's actually not that bad a person.
It really helps me as he pays a lot when I tune-up the motorcycle he likes to ride.

Anyway, that's why I'm the only one living in this big house.
It's been five years since Father died.
The days have passed quickly.
I sigh, thinking about how much I've grown in those five years.

I've trained every day to be like Kiritsugu, but it's not that easy in reality.
It's natural because I had no talent to begin with, but what can be said about having no improvement at all in five years?
To sum up the present in one sentence, my goal is so far away that I'm not even at the starting line yet.


No, I guess it won't do any good to rush.
For now, I have to do what I can.

Well then.
Right now, I should

1) I'll go and help Sakura.
2) I'll go and finish my daily routine.
That's right, I have to go and help Sakura.
I'd feel bad, both for letting my junior do all the work, and for Sakura coming here so early in the morning.

But I'm too late.
It seems breakfast has already been made.
I can smell the elegant scent of breakfast befitting Sakura.
Sakura has finished cooking and is opening the cupboards. I can see that all she has left to do is set the table.

"I'm sorry. I'll at least get the dishes ready, so you go and sit down."
"Huh? Oh, you're here already, Senpai?"

"Not 'already'. We're usually eating by ten past six, so I certainly slept in."
"I don't think so. You're not in any clubs, so this is still early for you."

"Clubs have nothing to do with this. When you bring clubs into it, the problem is that you come here when you have morning practice to go to."
"Ah... no, I'm doing this because I want to, so please don't worry about my club."

"Yeah, you always say that. That's why I wake up early, clubs or not. It's rude for me to sleep in if you're going to be here."

For me, waking up early is waking up before Sakura gets here, and sleeping in is making Sakura prepare breakfast on her ownlike today.
Though, this has only been a habit for a year and a half or so.

"Anyways, you take a rest. We only have to set the table, so at least let me do that."
I stand next to Sakura and take out the dishes.
Sakura is stubborn at times, and in situations like this, she won't rest unless she's forced to.

"Oh, then I'll help too. I'll load the plates and you can take them out."

"No, I'm saying I'll do it all myself."
"That won't do. You're head of this household, so you should just sit contentedly in the mornings."

"Sit contentedly? A head of household who leaves you to do the work by yourself is a failure. It's okay, so go to the living room."

"That's right, please be a failure. This is repayment for letting me eat good food all the time. So if it's possible, I'd like for you to rest."

"Hey. We're going fifty-fifty on the groceries, so you shouldn't worry about it. I should be the one thanking you. Since you've started coming here, our meals have improved."

"Oh, I knew it. You don't get it, do you Senpai? That's not why the meals here are good."
"Huh? What do you mean that's not why?"

"No, it's nothing. But please take responsibility because I can't eat a pleasant meal anywhere else any more."
Sakura smiles while blushing.

"I-Idiot, don't say such weird things.
What if Fuji-Nee hears that? She doesn't understand jokes."
"You're right. It would be a big problem if Fujimura-Sensei overheard that."
"Right. Don't say so much weird stuff."
"Yes, I won't. I won't say anything. So I can help you, right Senpai?"
"......"
Sakura looks up at me, naturally and calmly.

"Fine, do what you want. If you want to help so much, go right ahead."
"Yes, I'll do as I please."
"...Geez, you really don't listen to anything I tell you anymore, do you Sakura?"
"That's true. Maybe I'm becoming more like Fujimura-Sensei."
Speaking softly, Sakura reaches up for the cupboard.

Her silky hair and smooth skin catch my eye.

...How can I put this... it's troubling.
She must be maturing as she seems really feminine these days.
Her casual movements and her figure are so beautiful that I instinctively look away.

"Senpai? Is something wrong?"
"No, it's nothing. Don't worry, it's nothing."
"Hm?"
...Honestly.
Why am I feeling tense around my friend's sister?
After all, Sakura's not like that.
She's a good underclassman, and a junior I need to take care of.

First of all, the relationship between me and Matou Sakura is just that of a Senpai and a junior.
She's the sister of a close friend of mine, but since she's a grade below me, we weren't that close.

It all changed a year and a half ago into this cooperative kind of relationship.
Sakura came to cook when I was injured, and after that, I think we just ended up like this.

...I think we intended to do it until my injury healed, but some trivial thing came up to make her stay with it.

Anyways, Sakura is a good cook, and perfect at cleaning and doing the laundry.
It's a big help to have her helping around here in the mornings, but it's been a bit troubling recently.
The problem is not in Sakura, but me.


Frankly, Sakura is beautiful.
She's one of the best looking first years, and I'm sure there are lots of guys who want to date her.
And on top of that, she's been growing in certain places recently and some of her casual gestures have started to catch my eye.

...That's what I mean by a small problem.
Maybe I'm just feeling guilty about being attracted to my friend's sister.
Usually I'm fine, but when I'm caught off guard like just now, I blush... does this make me an unsuitable Senpai...?
The Emiya house has a big dojo.
It was built when the house was built.
It was only intended as a hobby, so the dojo wasn't built for any particular purpose.

"Well."
I'll warm up a bit before breakfast.
I'm not really studying martial arts, but since Father told me "if you want to be like me, you'll have to train your body first", it became my daily routine to work out.

"...Ninety-nine, one hundred..."
I finish my routine sit-ups and change out of my gi into my uniform.
I slept in this morning, so I cut short of my workout.
Some sit-ups with no stretching should be enough.
I'm not the kind to build up a lot of muscle, and it's not like I want to get into a fight.

All I need is enough athletic ability to handle sudden accidents, and to move as I wish when I have to.
After all, the thing I want to become is the complete opposite of an athlete.

"...Oh, this late already?"
I put the sweaty gi into the laundry basket.
It's 6:20.
In our house, even this is a late time for breakfast.

Breakfast is already prepared.
I can smell the elegant scent of breakfast befitting Sakura.

"Breakfast is ready, Senpai."
"Yeah, thanks... sorry, you had to do more work because I slept in."

"No, it's no work at all. Besides, you didn't sleep in. This is early for you since you're not in any clubs."

"Clubs have nothing to do with it. When you bring clubs into it, you have to wake up early to come here when you have morning practice."
"Ah... no, I'm doing this because I want to, so please don't worry about my club."

"Yeah, you always say that.
Well, that's why I wake up early, clubs or not. It's rude for me to sleep in if you're going to be here."

For me, waking up early is waking up before Sakura gets here, and sleeping in is making Sakura prepare breakfast on her ownlike today.
Though, this has only been a habit for a year and a half or so.

"Heehee. Senpai, you always put too much weight on these things. Mitsuzuri-Senpai always says you're so honest that it's annoying."
Sakura smiles, as if remembering it.
Mitsuzuri is the captain of the archery club Sakura is in, and someone I have a lot of acquaintance with.

"...Huh. Is she still complaining to you about me?"
"Yes. She's working hard every day to beat you in archery before she graduates."[l]

"...Geez, she must be better than me by now. Is she just glorifying the memories? I don't mind people thinking highly of me, but I guess it depends on who they are."
"Mitsuzuri-Senpai hates losing, so she probably thinks of you as a rival."[l]

Sakura puts rice into a bowl as she talks.
It's almost six thirty.
The archery club's morning practice starts at seven.
It's not mandatory, but she can't afford to take it easy.

"Fuji-Nee... will be here soon, I guess. Well, it's her fault for not getting here on time. Well, Sakura, let's go ahead and start eating."
"Yes. Here you go, Senpai."
Sakura hands me the bowl with a smile.

...Then.
I'm used to this every morning, but her white fingers catch my eye.

"!!"
...How can I put this... it's troubling.
She must be maturing as she seems really feminine these days.
Her casual movements are beautiful and she often takes my breath away.
Perhaps it's a reaction to not feeling anything for her until now, but I'm noticing more and more feminine characteristics in her...

"Senpai? Is something wrong?"
"No, it's nothing. Don't worry, it's nothing."
"Hm?"
...Honestly.
Why am I feeling tense around my friend's sister?
She's a good underclassman and a junior I need to take care of.

First of all, the relationship between me and Matou Sakura is just that of a Senpai and a junior.
She's the sister of a close friend of mine, but since she's a grade below me, we weren't that close.

It all changed a year and a half ago into this cooperative kind of relationship.
Sakura came to cook when I was injured, and after that, I think we just ended up like this.

...I think we intended to do it until my injury healed, but some trivial thing came up to make her stay with it.

Anyways, Sakura is a good cook, and perfect at cleaning and doing the laundry.
It's a big help to have her helping around here in the mornings, but it's been a bit troubling recently.
The problem is not in Sakura, but me.


Frankly, Sakura is beautiful.
She's one of the best looking first years, and I'm sure there are lots of guys who want to date her.
And on top of that, she's been growing in certain places recently and some of her casual gestures have started to catch my eye.

...That's what I mean by a small problem.
Maybe I'm just feeling guilty about being attracted to my friend's sister.
Usually I'm fine, but when I'm caught off guard like just now, I blush... does this make me an unsuitable Senpai...?
"Issei, you there?"
"I am. You're a bit late today, Emiya."
He must have been studying, as Issei looks up from the paper he's reading.

"Just you, Issei? Where are the others? Shouldn't they be here now as well?"
"No. Unfortunately, our members are very businesslike.
They have their set work hours, and they don't want to come in early or stay late."
"That's why the student council president is doing the routine duties himself, huh? I guess this place has its own problems."

"No, it's the kind of trouble I like. You don't need to pity me."
"Huh? Uh, no, I wasn't pitying you or anything."
"Hm. I'm not happy about that either, but I'll pretend I didn't hear it. It still means that you care."

Issei, who is organizing the papers he was reading, is the big boss of this student council room.
He's the guy trying his best to reform this lax student council, and he's been a friend of mine since first year.
His full name is Ryudou Issei.
Despite his old-fashioned name, he has elegant features and he's really popular with the girls.
And he's also the student council president, so you'd think he'd take to it like a duck to water, but...

"Hm. Hot tea is certainly a good way to start a morning."
He's just sipping tea like this, so he's not that firm.

As you can see, Issei has a plain personality.
It's easily misunderstood, but he doesn't involve himself in love affairs nor engage in normal student recreations.
It's because he's the successor of the Ryudou Temple, up in the mountains.
He's fine with that idea, so there's a good chance he'll shave his head when he graduates.

"So, what am I doing today?"
"Hm? Well, I'd like to let you sit down and take a rest first... but I guess we don't have time. I'll explain as we go, so bring your usual tools and follow me."

"Frankly, our school's budget is completely unbalanced."
"I know. The athletic clubs are favored, so other clubs don't get much, right?"
"Right. As a result, members of the other clubs are in trouble.
I'm working hard to make the budget go to them, but I'm having trouble because it's not clear where the money's going.
In particular, there's no solution for the shortages of heaters during winter."[l]

"I see. Oh, can you hand me the torque screwdriver? The biggest one. And the conductive wire too.
...Yeah, I should be able to fix this."
"Conductive wire? ...Uh, is this it? Sorry, I don't know exactly.[l]
Tell me if I'm wrong."
"You're right. So, what was that about the shortage of heaters? Are there other broken ones?"

"Yes. In the 2nd AV room and the art club. The petitions requesting new stoves are multiplying."
"But there's not enough budget to meet the demand, huh? As I thought, it's just getting old. Good thing it's not broken on the inside."

"...Hm. You think it can be fixed, Emiya?"
"Yup. In cases like this, old things are nice because they're easy to understand.[l]
It's just a shorted connection, so it should last the whole year if we replace that."
"I see! Good job, Emiya. I'm always so pleased when you're reliable."

"You're wording it weirdly, Issei...
Oh, I'll be finished soon, so could you wait outside for a bit?"
"All right, I'll be out of your way."

Issei leaves the room quietly.
...It seems he assumes that I'm going to do something delicate.

"...Well, it is delicate, but..."
I place my hand on the old electric heater.
Usually, even if you're used to fixing things, it's hard to figure out what's wrong with it just by looking at it.
So the fact that I figured it out means what I'm doing is not ordinary.

I block off my vision and look inside the heater with my sense of touch.
In that moment...
An image appears in my head.

"...There are two places where the wire's about to break... The pipe should last a bit longer... Insulation tape should be enough for the power cord..."
...Good, I can fix this with the tools I have with me.

If the pipe were broken, it couldn't be fixed by an amateur.
If that had been the case, I would have had to "strengthen" it in a very unamatuerish way. But in this case, just looking at it will suffice.
That is the "magic" Emiya Shirou learned from Kiritsugu.

"All right, let's begin."
I take the cover off and start to work.
I already know where it's broken, so the rest is easy.
"...Man. This is the only thing I'm any good at."

That's right. Emiya Shirou has no talent for magic.
Though it doesn't make up for it, I think I'm quite skilled at visualizing structures like I did just now.
In fact, when I first figured out a structure and reproduced it, my father looked surprised and said "what a useless ability".

I guess my strong point isn't a useful ability.
According to my father, it's already a waste of effort to perceive the structure with my eyes.
For a real magus, there's no need to understand every corner of a structure like I just did.

They say that the battle of the magus comes in reading the center, the core of things instantaneously, and changing it faster than anything else.
That's why reading the structure is a wasted effort, as even if you do understand the structure, all you can do is determine where magical energy could be more easily transmitted.

So all in all, it turns out that my strong point is just in fixing things like this.
I don't have to open them up to look for damage.
If I can quickly search for broken parts and have the skills to repair them, most things can be fixed.
Though, that's only the case for simple things that can be fixed with "amateur knowledge".

"Done. On to the next one..."
I pack away the conducting wire that I used and go out into the hallway with screwdriver and wrench in hand.

"Issei, the repairs are done."
But.
In the hallway is someone else apart from Issei, a girl.


I'm a bit surprised.
The person talking to Issei is Tohsaka Rin, from class 2-A.
She's a lady who lives in a big mansion on top of the hill, a perfect honor student.
Good looking, smart, athletic, and faultless.
She's intelligent, well mannered, and modest about her looks. People say she's the ideal woman.

So it hardly needs to be said that the guys at my school treat her like an idol.
Though in Tohsaka's case, she's so perfect that she's considered unreachable.
It's commonly believed that only teachers and guys like Issei can even talk to her.

...Well, to be honest, I'm a guy too.
So I'm one of Tohsaka Rin's admirers.

"......"
Tohsaka looks at us as if she's in a bad mood.
It seems to be true that she and Issei don't get along.

"Ah, sorry Emiya. I'm the one who asked for help, but it seems like you're doing all the work. Forgive me."
Wow.
Issei's an amazing man, talking like that and ignoring Tohsaka.

"Don't worry about it. So, where next? There's not much time left."
"Yeah, the AV room is next. It seems it's been working badly for a while, but now it finally died."

"It can't be fixed if it's dead. It would be quicker to just buy a new one."
"...True, but it'd help if you could take a look at it. It might be dead to my eyes, but only faking it to yours."

"I see. Well, let's take a look."
There's only about 30 minutes left until homeroom.
I'll have to hurry if I'm going to fix it.

I start for the AV room with Issei.
But it's impolite to ignore her completely when we've met like this.

I turn back to Tohsaka, who's standing in a daze.
"You're up early, Tohsaka."
I make an honest comment, then follow Issei.

"We barely made it. Thank you, Emiya. I caused you trouble again. I would be a failure as a friend if I made you late doing things for me."
"Don't worry about it. It's no big deal for me to be late. Though I guess it would be for you to be..."
"Indeed. Well, I'm glad we made it."
Issei heads to his seat, relieved.

It's exactly eight o'clock.
The first homeroom bell has rung, so Fuji-Nee should be here in about five minutes.

"Phew."
I'm a bit out of breath since we ran here from the AV room.
Taking a deep breath, I head to my seat.

"You're so noisy in the mornings, Emiya. I was wondering what you'd been doing since quitting the club, but all you've been doing is helping out Ryudou? It's not my concern, but don't do anything to bring the club into disrepute, okay? You're pretty uncommitted after all."

Matou Shinji, a friend of mine from middle school, is standing in front of my seat.
As you can tell from his last name, he's Sakura's brother who's one year older than her.

"Yo. Is the archery club doing well, Shinji?"
"O-Of course...! There's no point in telling an outsider, but it's been peaceful since a certain attention-hog left. We'll do well in the next competition!"

"I see. Mitsuzuri must be working hard."
"Huh? You're talking rubbish. The archery club is doing well because of me. You're just an outsider, Emiya, so you'll just embarrass yourself if you talk like you know about it."

"I see, I'll be careful. But I won't have any concerns with the archery club since I don't have any business there."
I put my bag on the desk and pull out the chair.

"What's that about? You're saying you're not interested in my archery club?"
"I said business, not interest. It'd be weird to go there when I'm an outsider, right?
But tell me if something comes up. I'll help if there's anything I can help with. You weren't good at fixing the bows and bowstrings, right?"

"Oh, thanks. I'll call you if there's any work to be done.
Though I don't think that'll happen."

"Yeah, that's good. You're not captain material if you leave work that needs to be done. Don't give Fujimura-Sensei too much trouble. She's scary when you piss her off."
"...! Huh, mind your own business. You're an outsider, so keep away from the dojo!"

Shinji returns to his seat in his usual manner.
...Hm, he seemed even more irritated than usual today.

"What a guy. How can he talk like that when he's the one who drove you out?"
"Oh, you were here, Issei?"
"What do you mean!? You're so cold, saying that to a friend who was listening in out of concern!"

"Hm? Why would you do that? I'm not doing anything that should make you worry about me."
"Idiot. Of course I'll worry about you. You're the sort to lose your temper easily. Some people would cheer if you beat Shinji up, but all the girls would condemn you. It's not good to let a friend get into a situation like that."

"I see. You're right now that you mention it. Thanks, Issei. I don't think it'll be a problem, but I'm grateful for your concern."
"Yes, well, as long as you understand... but it's strange. You lose your temper easily, but you're tolerant of Matou."
"Yeah, that's just his style. You get used to it if you hang around him for a long time."

"Hm, I see."
"Yeah. If you understand, go back to your seat. Fujimura-Sensei will fly in here any second now."
"Haha. It's more like her to come floating in than flying in."

The homeroom bell rings.
A homeroom teacher usually would come five minutes early, but our homeroom teacher isn't like that.

For class 2-C, homeroom starts one minute after the bell rings. Right when we hear...
"I'm late, I'm late, I'm late...!"
And Fuji-Nee runs into the classroom.

"All right, I made it! Good morning, everyo"
Wham!
Fuji-Nee falls over with a terrible sound.


The classroom is filled with silence, in contrast to the clamor from a second ago.
A sudden change of atmosphere.
Just as you'd expect from Fuji-Nee. Her nickname of "human jet coaster" isn't just for show.

...But that really was a bad hit.
Fuji-Nee is still on the ground, having hit her head on the platform.
You can't see her expression with her head facing the ground, so it gives you a bad mental image.

"...Hey. Front row. Wake her up."
"...What? I don't want to. I'm scared she'll bite me if I go near her..."
"...She's not a Mimic or anything. She won't go that far."
"Hey, if you're saying that, why don't you do it?"
"Uh, I'll pass. I'm not used to this."
"Me neither! And why would you make a girl do it? A guy should do it!"

The front row is getting noisy.
As we're in the middle rows, we can't tell what sort of state Fuji-Nee is in.
We can't tell, so we all stand up to look.

"Hey, she's not moving. Has she passed out?"
Someone asks.
If so, the problem would be how to get her to the nurse's office.

Everyone here is a warrior who has been with Fuji-Nee for the past year.
They probably want to get out of the habit of taking their teacher to the nurse's office.

"Fujimura-Sensei...? Um, are you all right?"
A brave female student calls out to her.
Fuji-Nee doesn't even twitch.
A sense of worry runs through the room.

"...That was a bad fall. She hit her head right on the platform. She'd have to be invincible to come out of that without a scratch."
"Hm. How about getting her for our baseball club?"
"D-Don't even joke about that! The day she's in charge of us, we'd get into the regionals!"
"Fujimura-Sensei, Fujimura-Sensei...! It's no good, there's no response...!"

"Hey, why don't you wake her up since you're in front of her?"
"What!? No way! If she's really dead, I'll be killed!"
"But things could get bad later if we leave her like that."
"But no one wants to go near her."
"...I guess it can't be helped. We'll have to do... that."
"Yeah, that."
"All right."

All our hearts become one.
...Well, not Shinji and I, because we're too scared.

"One, two... wake up, Tiger!"
Even though everyone said it at the same time, it's only as loud as a whisper.
The "Tiger" part is especially quiet.
But still...
...A twitch.
The silent Fuji-Nee reacts.

"Whoa, she moved!? It's working, everyone!"
"All right! Continue the punishment!"
Everyone must be stressed from the impending exams.
Even though they shouldn't, they repeat Fuji-Nee's nickname while waving their arms.

"Wake up Tiger, it's morning!"
"Sensei, you're a tiger if you don't wake up!"
"Don't give up, Tiger! Stand up, Tiger!"
"Yeah, wake up, Sensei! Then you'll be a true Tiger!"
"T-i-g-e-r! T-i-g-e-r!"

"Gahhh!!
Don't call me Tiger...!"

A roar of lightning.
She stands bravely as if the fall has done nothing at all.

"...Huh? What are you all doing? You can't stand up in middle of homeroom. Come on, sit down and I'll get started."
Fuji-Nee stands before everyone in her usual manner.
...It seems all memories from the moment she entered the classroom have fled her head.

"...Hey, it seems Tiger doesn't remember what happened."
"...Lucky. We're really fortunate this morning."
"...Well, I don't know if we can call it 'lucky'..."
Everyone returns to their seats, chatting.

"Huh? Did someone just make fun of me?"
"No, we didn't. Maybe you imagined it?"
"All right, good. Then I'll start homeroom, so listen up."

Fuji-Nee starts homeroom slowly.
She chats in between the announcements, so we don't get through it very fast.

"So everyone, please note the curfew.[l]
It's at six o'clock, so people with club activities shouldn't stay too late either."
"What? Six o'clock is too early, Taiga-Sensei. Can't the athletic clubs be exempted?"

"Nope. And please address your teacher as 'Fujimura-Sensei'. I'll get mad if you call me that again."
"All right, I'll be careful."
He sits down again, not showing any signs of listening to her.

...How stupid of him.
Fuji-Nee gets mad when she says she will. It makes no difference that he's a student and she's a teacher.
He doesn't realize that she just gave him a final warning.

"Well, that's it for today's homeroom. Let's meet again in English class in third period, everyone!"
Fuji-Nee leaves, waving her hand.

She's the teacher responsible for class 2-C, Fujimura Taiga.
Her nickname is Tiger.
You might doubt it, but it really is her nickname.

People like calling her so since she has a name like "Taiga" even though she's a woman. But Fuji-Nee herself hates the nickname.
According to her, it's unfeminine.
But she's that kind of person, so I think it's her own fault she has an unfeminine nickname.

"We're starting class. Day monitor, the bows."
The teacher for the first period enters as Fuji-Nee exits.
It's like this every morning, as Fuji-Nee continues homeroom until the very last minute.

And the classes end like every other day.
There are many kinds of students: ones that go to clubs, ones that hurry home, and ones that stay in the classroom for no reason.
It looks like I won't be in any of those categories.

"Sorry, Emiya, about the rest of the repairs... do you have time today?"
"Well, I do have plans, but..."
It's not like I'm just playing around.
After all, the main reason I quit the archery club is because I wanted to prioritize work.

It's already been five years since Father died, and I decided to start working to pay my living expenses.
If you work a lot, there are some jobs you just can't refuse.

Today's an example.
They're restocking inventory at work, and they asked me to come if I can as any help is appreciated.
But it's certainly not something I have to go to. They're probably just having people come in because they want to party after work.


There are two options.
I

1) I'll go and help out the student council.
2) I'll go to work.
It's something I've started.
I should finish the job I began this morning.

"I'll change my plans. We're finishing the job from this morning, right? Let's finish the repairs before the exams start."
"Thank you. Let's go and look at the patient in the art club then."
"All right. Oh, and clear the people out of the room, will you? I can't concentrate with people watching me."
"Of course. I won't let them get in your way."
Issei quickly walks to the hallway, and I follow him out of the classroom in a hurry.

The sun has already set when we leave the school building.
The school gates are already closed.
It's seven o'clock and way past curfew. But thanks to Issei, we're not in trouble.

"You helped me a lot today. I'll certainly make up for it, so tell me if you need anything."
"Yeah, I'll let you know if something comes up. I don't think anything will, though."
I didn't help him to get something in return, so there's nothing I want from Issei.

"...Geez, I guess it is a problem to be too good a person. It's helpful to have you around, but I can't stand it when other people use you to their liking. Helping others is a good thing, but you should be more picky with who you help. You just help anyone who comes to ask you."
"Hm? Am I that indiscriminate?"
"Yes. And that's just going to let heartless idiots use you as they wish. You're a busy man, so it should be okay for you to decline from time to time."


I can't really tell, but it seems like Issei's worried about me.
I've been called helpful since I was in middle school, as I don't turn down requests for help and don't ask for anything in return.

I guess Issei thinks that's dangerous.
But I'm doing it because I want to, and it's not a problem as I decline things that I think are beyond me.

"It's nothing for you to worry about, Issei. I know myself better than anyone. Besides, helping people is a good thing. It's not something a son of the owner of a temple should be trying to stop."
"But I think you're going so far that it might eventually overwhelm you."

"I'll take your warning. See you tomorrow, then."
"...Yes, I'll see you tomorrow."

Issei leaves, looking discontented.
Issei's house, Ryudou Temple, is up in the mountains. So naturally, our routes home go in different directions.
I feel sorry for Issei, but I should prioritize work.
I didn't promise to be there, but I said I'd do my best to be there, so I should do so.

"No, sorry, Issei. I've got plans, so can we finish it some other time?"
"Plans...? Oh, you must mean your work. Sorry to trouble you. This isn't an urgent matter. Don't worry about me and go to work."

"Sorry. I'll continue first thing tomorrow morning, so can we call it even?"
"Hm? I told you, it's not that important. The urgent stuff was finished this morning. You can finish the rest when you're free, Emiya."
"I see. Then can I finish it when I don't have work?"

"Sure. I'll rely on you again then, Emiya."
Issei says farewell and leaves the classroom.

"Well."
I should hurry off too.
Even though there's no set time to be there, I should head for the neighboring town if I'm going to go to work.

"...Geez, I thought I was only helping out, but they gave me 30,000 yen."
Call it receiving a windfall, I guess.

Copenhagen, the place where I worked today, is like a liquor store and a bar, and a lot of people are needed to restock inventory.
It's a big job that takes at least five people, and it doesn't hurt to have more help.

But the boss just said to everyone in his usual tone,"If you can come and help, please do."
...Completely relaxed about it.

But as it turned out, I was the only one who came, along with the boss and his daughter, Neko-san.

"You idiot! There's no way people will come if you ask like that!"
Neko-san was scolding the boss, but I showed up to be a victim, defying their expectations.
They welcomed me with a cheer, and we decided to clean up the storage area as best we could.

And so, before we realized, two hours had passed and we'd finished restocking the inventory.

"I'm surprised. Shirou, are you some kind of Brownie or something?"
After work, the boss eats a brown cake while being impressed.

"Not at all. I'm just used to heavy jobs and I've worked here long enough to know where things are. I haven't been working here since I was small for nothing, you know!"

"Oh yeah. Has it been five years already?"
"About that long. You were the only ones that would hire me right after my father died."
"Whoa. No wonder I'm feeling old."

He eats his rum cake.
Neko-san is drinking hot sake next to him.
The family is well balanced, as the boss likes sweet things while his daughter likes spicy things.

So.
"But you really helped us out. I can't just give you a cake for all this work, so here's a token of my appreciation."
He hands me three 10,000 yen bills.
A reward unmatched for the three hours of work I did, much more that I would get for even a week's work.

"Oh, thank you."
I hesitate, but decide to accept what I'm given.

And as I'm leaving Copenhagen...
"...Mmm. Hold on, Emiya-n. Who'd you hear about today from?"
Neko-san stops me while curled up in front of the heater.

"Um, I think it was Furukawa-san."
"...Man, that idiot. Don't push your work onto a student. Well, so you came here today even though you didn't have to?"
"Uh... well, it was like, 'come and help if I wasn't busy'."

"Furukawa's an idiot, but so are you.
Oh well. You never turn down anyone asking for help, do you? You took care of the store when dad and I got sick too."

"Hm? I don't think that's true. I don't take impossible jobs. I only accept things I can do."

"...Hm. But you were sick too back then.
I don't really care. But what I'm saying is, you're a good person and a bit stupid, so I'm a bit worried. Tell Fujimura to come and see me from time to time."

Neko-san circles her finger while drinking some hot sake.
She seems to think I'm a firefly or something.

"Okay. ...So, just tell Fuji-Nee that?"
"Right. See ya, don't push yourself too hard."

"...Wow, I'm already past the bridge."
I made it from the neighboring town of Shinto back into Miyama City while I was daydreaming.
Breakfast is placed on the table.
A perfect breakfast consisting of chicken salad, cooked salmon, spinach, radish and carrot miso soup, and yam soup.

Sakura and I bow and start our meal quietly.

The sounds of our chopsticks echo.
Sakura isn't the talkative type, and I'm not versatile enough to talk while eating.

Naturally, mealtimes are quiet.
Usually it's louder, but today, the loud person is...
She must have been watching spy movies last night as she's eyeing us while hiding behind a newspaper.

"Fujimura-Sensei, don't you think you shouldn't read the newspaper during meals?"
"......"

Fuji-Nee ignores Sakura's question.
She's acting weird, but Fuji-Nee always acts in suspicious ways during breakfast.
Sakura must be used to it, as she continues to eat with no particular care.

Sakura prefers to make Western foods.
She learned to cook Japanese food after she started coming here to help.
Fuji-Nee and I preferred Japanese, so Sakura learned to make Japanese food for our breakfast.

Now she's so good that she's almost surpassed me, her teacher.
The salmon is especially good as it's cooked to perfection.
Her miso soup is tasty, and she has shown some capacity even for making yam soup by grinding yams.
Actually, I think this is the first time she's made it.

"Sorry, Sakura, can you pass me the soy sauce?"
"There you... oh wait, Senpai. Your soy sauce is empty."
"Fuji-Nee's will do then. Can you get it?"

"May I, Fujimura-Sensei?"
Fuji-Nee nods.
Her newspaper trembles.

"There you go. Are you going to use it on the yam soup?"
"Yeah, you usually put soy sauce on yam soup, right?"
I put the soy sauce onto the white yam soup.
After stirring it, I put it on the rice and take a bite.

Mm, the stickiness of the yam and the taste of the soy sau
"Ugh...! This is terrible! This is oyster sauce!"
I almost throw it back up.
And then,
"Haha, ahahahahahaha!"
Fuji-Nee throws her newspaper away.

"How's that? It was my plan to switch the labels earlier this morning!"
The female spy throws up her arms to show her happiness.

"W-What are you thinking!? You're always like this even though you'll be turning twenty-five this year!"
"Haha. Did it teach you a lesson for what you did yesterday?
It's divine justice for picking on me with everyone else."

"Divine justice doesn't come from people! I thought you were calm, but this is what you were thinking about!?"

"That's right. That's why I have to go and start grading the exams now. Yup, I should hurry up."
Fuji-Nee sits back down and finishes her breakfast quickly.

"Thank you. Breakfast was lovely as always, Sakura-chan."
"Ah... thank you, Sensei."
"I'm going on ahead then. I'll get mad if you two are late."

And she runs off.
...There's something wrong with a world in which that thing is a teacher.

"...Um, Senpai?"
"Sorry about that. Fuji-Nee didn't really take the time to enjoy your breakfast."
"No, it's not that. Um... did you do something to her yesterday? It's a bit too much for Fujimura-Sensei to play with food."

"Uh... well, yeah. I accidentally called her by her nickname."
"I guess it can't be helped in that case. You didn't apologize to her, did you, Senpai?"
"Sorry. I forgot since it happens all the time."

"You mustn't. Fujimura-Sensei doesn't like you calling her so, Senpai. You made her cry again, didn't you?"
"...I made her run away too. Yesterday's English lesson was a self-study because of it."
And I was awarded a student honor written on note paper, but I threw it away.

"Geez. It was all your fault, then."
Fuji-Nee is like a big sister for Sakura, so she's basically on Fuji-Nee's side.
That's good in its own way, but I wish she'd consider my situation where I have to deal with Fuji-Nee 24-7.

Fuji-Nee was originally an acquaintance of Father's, and she's been coming to the house a lot since I was adopted.
She started to show up even more after Father died, and she's now almost a dependent, eating breakfast and dinner here.

No.
Maybe she's why I was able to make it on my own even after my father died.
Fuji-Nee, Sakura, and I are now the residents of the Emiya household.

...But I'm the only one who knows that my father was a magus.
It's said that magi must hide their identities.
That's why I've been hiding the fact that I'm learning magic ever since I became my father's student.

I say I'm learning, but I can't even cast a single magic spell properly.
With this kind of a skill, it wouldn't make much difference whether I hide it or not. But because it was how my father wanted things, I've trained secretly since then.

I finish breakfast and prepare for school.
I clean the dishes with Sakura while listening to the news on TV.


Sakura is staring at the TV screen.
Over the screen runs an exaggerated teletype reading "Gas Leak Accidents Continue".

It seems there was a big accident in the neighboring town of Shinto.
It happened in a building in the business district. It seems a whole floor of people ran out of oxygen and fell unconscious.
They've called it a gas leak, but this kind of accident is happening often recently.

"Are you worried about the news, Sakura?"
"Eh? No, not really. I just thought it's near... Senpai, your workplace is in the Shinto area, right?"
"Yeah, but it's not really a big place. I don't think an accident like that would happen there."

...But it's not a risk I can completely ignore.
Gas leaks can happen in any building, and on top of that, it hurts to think that hundreds of people are suffering.

It's said that the accidents are happening often because of defective construction work during the rapid development of Shinto.
Whether that's true or not, I certainly don't want any more victims

"...It is dangerous. We'll have to be careful here too."
"Oh, don't worry, Senpai. I check the gas twice every time."

Sakura boasts with pride.
"No, that's not the point."
...Yeah, I've thought so before, but Sakura is a bit off too.

"Senpai, did you lock the back door?"
"I did. I bolted it. Is there a problem?"
"Not at all. Then I'll lock the front door now. When will you be home today, Senpai?"

"I think I'll be a bit late. What about you, Sakura?"
"I'll be back at the usual time. I'll probably be here earlier, so I'll start getting dinner ready."
"...Yeah, that'll help. I'll try to come home early too."

We lock the gate.
Sakura and Fuji-Nee also have keys to my house, and the rule is that the last person out locks up.
"Let's go. You won't make it to morning practice unless we hurry."
"Yes, let's hurry then, Senpai."

We walk down to the town together.
Passing the long wall and going downhill, we reach the residential district.
My house is on top of the hill, far away from the center of town.

Going down the hill takes us to the residential district, and beyond that...
We reach the crossroads at the center of this town.

From here, there are many roads: a big bridge leading to the neighboring city...
...A hill road that leads to Ryudou Temple...
...The residential district on the other side of town...
...The shopping district Sakura and I always use...
...And the school we're headed to right now.

We head for the school without stopping elsewhere.
We don't talk much as we walk up the hill.
Since it's still seven o'clock, there aren't many others on the road.
Other than us, all you can see are a few others heading to their morning practices.

"Well, see ya. Have fun at your club."
I part with Sakura at the school gate like usual.
Sakura's in the archery club, so we have to part here in the mornings.

"......"
But today, Sakura doesn't go.

"Sakura? Are you not feeling well?"
"...No, that's not it, but... um, would you like to come to the dojo?"

"No, I've no business there. Anyways, Issei asked for me, so I have to go to the student council room today."

"...I-I see. Sorry for troubling you then."
Sakura bows.
"Hm?"

"I'll be going now. Please look forward to dinner tonight."
Sakura runs off like she's ashamed of something.
"...?"
Hm? I wonder what that was all about...?
I walk through the moonlit town.
Walking up the road, I notice that there aren't any people around.

The time is around seven-thirty.
There should be people around at this time, but there's no sign of anyone.

"...Oh yeah."
There was some crime here in Miyama City a few days ago.
A burglar murdered someone, I think.
That must be why there's no one around and why the school curfew became six o'clock.

"...Gas leaks and murder, huh? It's been getting dangerous lately."
No wonder there are fewer people walking around at night.
It's getting too dangerous to let Sakura go home on her own.
Sakura's house is in the residential area on the other side of town.
Starting tonight, I should walk her hom

"...Huh?"
For a moment, I can't believe my eyes.
There is someone on the road which I thought was empty.
The person is standing above me as if looking down at me.


Without realizing it, I hold my breath.
The silver-haired girl smiles and descends the hill without a sound.

As she passes...

"You'll die if you don't summon it soon, Onii-chan."

She says something strange.

I go up the hill and reach my house.
As the lights are on, Sakura and Fuji-Nee must be home already.

I smell dinner the moment I enter the living room.
At the table are Sakura and Fuji-Nee, in the middle of dinner.
It seems the main dish tonight is chicken in cream, and Fuji-Nee, who loves white sauce, is in a good mood.

"Welcome home, Senpai. We're sorry for starting without you."
"Sorry I'm late. I wish I could have come home earlier."
"No, you made it. Could you wait a bit? I'll get your dinner ready right away."
"Yeah, all right. I'll go and wash my hands, so make sure Fuji-Nee doesn't eat my food."
"Yes, I will."

I return to my room.
It's a fairly empty room compared to the shed, but since I don't have any hobbies, I think it's quite decorated.
Most of them are random things Fuji-Nee has left here, though.

I wash my hands, change, and return to the living room to find my dinner ready.

"Itadakimasu."
"I hope it is to your liking..."
Sakura is terribly modest.

Her cooking skills have vastly improved in the past year.
She has me completely beaten at Western-style foods, and I can barely beat her at Japanese food. Neither of us have touched Chinese.
I'm pleased my pupil is getting better, but it's kind of depressing when the teacher is defeated by the student.

"Mmm."
It's as good as I expected.
Chicken becomes harder the longer you cook it, so it's juicier and tastier if you roast it before cooking it even though it's tedious.
That's done perfectly here. It's a master's skill, forever beyond the clumsy Fuji-Nee.

"How is it, Senpai...?  Um, I think I did quite well today..."
"It's perfect. The sauce is great too. I guess you have me completely beat when it comes to Western food."

"Yeah, meaty food is much better since Sakura-chan started cooking."
With that.
Fuji-Nee, who had been preoccupied with her food, lifts up her head.

"Oh, Shirou. A student mustn't come home this late."
...Ack.
It seems she's in a bad mood now that she's seen my face, even though she was happy because of dinner.

"Geez, I bet you were helping someone again. That's good, but at least come home early at times like this. I even told you it was dangerous in homeroom.
I said it for your sake, you know?"[l]

"...Uh, can't you tell me that at home instead of in homeroom?"
"You wouldn't listen if I told you here. It's more effective if I tell you at school."
"...Sensei, I think that's abusing your authority. You shouldn't mix work and private life."

"No, it's not enough for Shirou unless I go that far.
He's always on the losing side because he's the one helping everyone else. He should at least come straight home and relax sometimes, that idiot."
"Hey, what do you mean by idiot? I'm not on the losing side if I help someone and they're helped by it."

"...Man. I wonder if you got that from Kiritsugu-san. I worry because you're like that."
I don't exactly know how she's worried, as she's energetically munching down her dinner.

"...Um, Fujimura-Sensei. From what you said, has Senpai been like this since he was small?"
"Yup, he's always been like that. He's the type that goes to help people in trouble. But he's not meddlesome, he's just a bit precocious."

Fuji-Nee laughs dangerously.
"Fuji-Nee, I'll get mad if you say too much. You too, Sakura. Don't ask such boring questions."

I glare at them.
Fuji-Nee clicks her tongue and backs down, but...
"Fujimura-Sensei, please continue."
Sakura is taking the lesson seriously.

"Then I shall. See, Shirou is a person who can't ignore someone in trouble. It's like helping the weak and defeating the strong. In the essay he wrote as a child, he said 'My dream is to become a superhero'."


...She's talking about things from so long ago.
But it's all true, so I don't interrupt.
Anyways, becoming a superhero is a goal I must not stray from even now.

"Wow. Senpai was a real kid."
"Yeah, he was some kid. He would go and help girls being picked on by much older kids, and he'd do the chores around the house because Kiritsugu-san wouldn't.

Man, he was so cute and innocent back then, so why did he grow up so crooked?"

"Probably because of you. Kids think a lot when they see bad adults. Learn to make your own dinner before you say anything like that."
"Wha..."
Fuji-Nee crumbles.
I thought she might drop her head and repent, but...

"Uhh, Onee-chan is sad. Sakura-chan, can I have another bowl?"
Fuji-Nee asks for her third bowl.
Relaxing after dinner, it's almost nine o'clock.

"Well, what shall I do?"
There's some time before my evening training.
I should

1) I`ll take Sakura home.
2) I`ll play with Fuji-Nee.
3) I`ll rest.
...Well, it might be fun to see how Fuji-Nee is doing.
"Yeah, if I get a chance, I'll get her back for telling Sakura those stories."

"Hm? What, weren't you taking a bath?"
Fuji-Nee is silently peeling oranges.
On the table are two orange skins shaped like flowers.

"......"
Is it some curse that she can't even skin an apple, but she's rather talented at artistically peeling oranges?

"I decided to take it later. I just wanted to complain about those stories before I took a bath."
"What? Come on, it's such an old story, and Sakura-chan was happy to hear it too. Instead of that... here, finish your quota. You should eat one a day."
She takes an orange out of a small box and throws it to me.

"Whoa... hey, I won't be bought off with just an orange.
Thank God it was Sakura. Don't tell that story at school, okay? People like Issei would worry."

"I think Mitsuzuri-san would laugh... but I know, I won't tell anyone except Sakura-chan about your childhood."

"I'm saying, don't tell Sakura either. She'll just be bothered if you tell boring stories like that.  ...Well, I don't think it'll happen again, but I'll get mad if it does."
I glare at Fuji-Nee to show her that I'm serious.

"Ohh, I see. I understand. So that's how it is, huh?"
But Fuji-Nee just grins widely and she seems very pleased.

"...Oh, now you're pissing me off. What are you inferring, you stupid tiger?"
I glare at her stupid face.

"I don't care if I'm a tiger. I'm right, aren't I? You didn't want Sakura-chan to know, right?
You wouldn't care if everyone else found out you wanted to be a superhero, but you're embarrassed about Sakura-chan knowing."
"Wha"
I-I don't think so....

"Yeah, in that case, I'll tell her more.[l]
I guess you finally started to notice Sakura-chan, huh?
I'm worried as a teacher, but I'm quite relieved as your guardian."

She says so with great emotion, then she throws a whole orange into her mouth.
Fuji-Nee can eat things as big as her fist in one bite.
I guess it'd be an attractive quality somewhere in the Savanna, but I don't think an older woman needs such wild charms.

"Huh? Senpai, weren't you taking a bath?"
And Sakura, finished with the dishes, comes into the living room.

"Yeah, I put it off since I wanted to tell Fuji-Nee something. Sakura, you want an orange?"
I reach for the stack of oranges.
It's a strange turn of events, but staying here with them should be fun too.

"Oh, I got some from Fujimura-Sensei just now. They were really good."
"Sakura-chan can't eat fresh fruit.
So she won't eat it unless you cook it or freeze it like ice cream... oh, is it almost time?"

"Yes. I'm done cleaning up, so I'll be heading home for today."
"I see. Then I guess I'll leave too. Let's go, Sakura-chan. It's getting dangerous outside lately, so I'll walk home with you."

Fuji-Nee ceases her mass consumption of oranges and stands up.
Her actions are almost those of a responsible elder.

"Uh... is that all right, Sensei?"
"Of course. I'm in charge of you two, so I have to see you home. That's okay with you, right, Shirou? You'll lock up the house and go to bed after we leave, okay?"

"All right. With Fuji-Nee, you should be fine even if a molester or a bear jumps out for you."
"I don't know about that. I don't think I'd be able to beat a bear. ...No, I can't. So if that happens, I'll run back here. Then we can beat it up together and have bear stew tomorrow."

Fuji-Nee smiles confidently.
...Yeah.
Fuji-Nee usually does her own thing and causes havoc, but when she's acting as a teacher, she's a very responsible person.

"Let's go, Sakura-chan. See you tomorrow, Shirou."
"Yes. Good night then, Senpai."
"Yeah."
They leave the house.
I follow them out to the entrance and lock up the house as Fuji-Nee instructed.
Yeah.
I'll take a brief break in preparation for the training tonight.

"The bath's ready and I can ask Fuji-Nee to take Sakura home."
Now that I've decided that, let's do things efficiently.
First, I'll wake up Fuji-Nee who's asleep in the living room. Then, I'll thank Sakura for dinner, see them both off, and take a bath
I haven't thanked Sakura for dinner yet, so I'll go and talk to her.

"Yeah, it's getting late, so I should walk her home too."

Sakura is in the living room getting ready to go home, having finished the cleaning.
"Huh? Weren't you taking a bath, Senpai?"
"No, I'll take it later. I'll take you home first."

"Eh... take me home?"
"Yeah. It's getting dangerous outside lately, so I'm going to walk you home. Your house is far away. Let me at least do this since you're coming here."

"......"
Sakura falls into an awkward silence.
...Did I say something bad?

"...I'm sorry. I appreciate your concern, but you should stay here. I'm used to going home, so I should be fine by myself."
"Well, that may be true, but it's getting dangerous these days. So I'll walk you home for a bit."

"...But, um... if Nii-san sees you, you'll be in trouble too."
"Oh..."

...That's right.
Sakura's brother, Shinji, doesn't approve of Sakura coming to my place.
He can't object too strongly because she says she's going to Fuji-Nee's house, but it could be a problem if I take her home.
...I don't care about getting falsely accused myself, but it's not good if Shinji takes it out on Sakura.

"But I can walk you part of the way, right? We shouldn't run into Shinji between here and the intersection."
"......"

Sakura is silent.
Considering Sakura, she must not be able to lie to Shinji if I take her home even part of the way.
"Oh, then"

"Shall I walk you home?"
A tiger-striped English teacher appears.

"That's getting the lamb out after the lion. When I say it's dangerous for a girl to be out at night, adding another is just..."
...No.
It's a mistake to call Fuji-Nee a girl.
For starters, she doesn't head the archery club for nothing. Her fifth dan kendo skills are dangerous in many ways.

"...I guess Fuji-Nee will be fine. You should be able to fight off any molester."
"Right. So there's no problem with me taking her home. Is that okay, Sakura-chan?"
"Yes, if that's all right with you, Fujimura-Sensei."
"It's decided. Let's go then. I was thinking I should head home too."
Fuji-Nee starts to walk off, taking Sakura's hand.

"Oh. Hang on, Sakura."
"Hm? What is it, Senpai?"
"Dinner was good. Thanks for everything."
"......"
"Yes. I'll do my best again next time if you don't mind, Senpai."
Saying so with a big smile, Sakura leaves the living room.

"......"
I know I'm blushing.
...It's troublesome as Sakura surprises me a lot these days.
Time flies. She was just a junior before. Now, she's a female junior to me.

...How pitiful of me.
Sakura's like family to me, so I can't accept this change.
I haven't thanked Sakura for dinner yet, so I'll go and talk to her.

"Yeah, it's getting late, so I should walk her home too."

Sakura is in the living room getting ready to go home, having finished the cleaning.

"Huh? Weren't you taking a bath, Senpai?"
"No, I'll take it later. I'll take you home first."
"Eh... take me home?"

"Yeah. It's getting dangerous outside lately, so I'm going to walk you home. Your house is far away. So let me at least do this much since you're coming so far."
"......"
Sakura falls into an awkward silence.
...Did I say something bad?

"...I'm sorry. I appreciate your concern, but you should stay here. I'm used to going home, so I should be fine by myself."

"Well, that may be true, but it's getting dangerous these days. So, I'll walk you home for a bit."
"...But, um... if Nii-san sees you, you'll be in trouble too."

"Hm."
That's right.
Sakura's brother, Shinji, doesn't approve of Sakura coming to my place.

He can't object too strongly because she says she's going to Fuji-Nee's house, but it could be a problem if I take her home.
It's a problem, but so what.
I don't care what Shinji says. It's a much bigger problem if Sakura has to walk home alone at dangerous times like these.

"I don't care what trouble I get into. It's dangerous these days, so I'm walking you home."
"Um, I'd feel bad letting you do that..."
"It's fine. You're always helping me out, so let me at least walk you home. Or do you want to go home on your own?"

"Eh? No, it's not that, but..."
"Then it'll be fine. I'm confident in my skills. I should be able to fight off most assailants, so you should make use of me at times like this. I'll protect you, whatever happens."
I nudge Sakura towards the hallway with a glance.

"Senpai...? Is it really okay? You might get into a fight with Nii-san again."
"I don't care. It's only right for guys to fight, and it's best when we talk honestly like that.
He doesn't like to hide things, so it's best if he just comes out with any complaints he has."
Sakura looks surprised for some reason.

"What? Did I say something strange?"
"No, you didn't. I'm just glad you're such good friends with Nii-san."
"Hm? No, I don't think that's right. I'm probably the only one who feels better from it, and it might be the opposite for Shinji."

"Perhaps. But you know, Nii-san always talks to you no matter many times you two fight. He probably finds it hard to deal with you, but he likes you more than other people, so he's always concerned about you. He's not honest, so he likes people he doesn't like."

"...Uh. I can't really reply to that."
"Yes. I envy you, so I thought I'd trouble you a bit."
Sakura smiles.

"Uh...."
Seeing that smile, I hold my breath without realizing it.
Would you call that a big smile?
I think it's the first time I've seen her smile like that.

"A-Anyway, I'm taking you home. I don't care if Shinji sees me. I walked his sister home, so he shouldn't be complaining."

"You're right. It might be better to do it that way rather than to hide it. Then could you, Senpai?"
"Of course. I'll act like your Senpai for once."
I smack my chest.
Sakura smiles warmly at my gesture of "trust me".

We go down the hill and reach the intersection.
There's no one around, and the familiar residential district feels desolate.


It's not even ten o'clock yet, but the town is asleep.
...The silence is strange.
Even though there have been nasty incidents, should night really steal this much life?

"Senpai...? Uh, my house is this way."
"Huh? Oh, sorry, I was just thinking. Your house is the very top one on that side, right?"
"No, the top one is Tohsaka-Senpai's house. My house is up there too, but not at the top."

"Oh, was that it? ...Wait, by Tohsaka, you mean...?"
"Yes, Tohsaka Rin of the second year. Do you not like her, Senpai?"
She must have read my reaction, as her comment is accurate.
Ugh... was I making that kind of a face?

"No, I don't dislike her. I've never talked to her, so I don't know much about her. But she's famous, right? She stands out wherever she goes, so I know her just like everyone else."
"......"

"What about you, Sakura? You have the same Western-style mansion, so do you guys have a neighborly relationship?"
"No. We're certainly neighbors, but her house is up on top of the hill.
But how did you know her house was Western-style, Senpai?"
Sakura asks quietly.

"Oh, it's just something I heard. Something about Tohsaka's place being a haunted house and all that. A haunted house has to be a Western-style house, right?"

"That's true. It seems Tohsaka-san and the house itself like to be alone. When I was a child, I was told that a scary sorcerer lived up on the hill."

"A scary sorcerer, huh? I heard rumors like that too. Though, saying that, all Western-style houses seem to have sorcerers living in them.[vr]
So, did you believe the story, Sakura?"

"I did, because I was small. That's why I always thought I shouldn't go up to the top of the hill."
Sakura answers my joking question seriously.

We go up the hill.
It's a residential district rather opposite to mine, but the habits are the same.

There are fewer and fewer buildings and more trees as you ascend the hill.
It's only natural, as most of the town's facilities are at the bottom of the hill.
In all that, one of the few buildings near the top of the hill is Sakura's house.

"Oh..."
Sakura stops suddenly.
"Hm? Did you forget something?"
"Oh... no, it's not that, but... Senpai, is there someone standing near my house?"
She looks around uneasily.

"Hm?"
I look around too, but there's no one here except us.

"There no one... did you see something?"
"Oh... no, if you didn't see anyone, then it's fine. I've been noticing a strange person around my house recently, so I just wondered if he'd be here again today."

"What? Isn't that a bit dangerous?[l]
What kind of guy was he?"
"Um... he was a blond, good-looking person. He looked like a model, so I'm sure you'd be surprised too if you saw him."
Sakura says so with a blush, as if recalling him.

"......"
...Sakura.
I don't know if that's something I should be worried about.

"Oh, so it's not like he's suspicious?"
"...I don't know. It's just that no one has moved here recently, so I thought it was strange."

"...Hm. Well, it is a bit strange. All right, if you see him around again, tell me or Shinji. We'll get him and make him tell us what he's up to."

"Yes, I'll be counting on you. But please don't do anything rough. I don't want you to get into a fight."
Sakura says so while smiling straight at me.

"...Uh. I-It's all right. I'll ask questions first, so you shouldn't worry about it."
I look away from Sakura's smile as I answer.

"......"
...Geez.
Sakura's gestures captivate me often these days.
It would have been nothing a while ago, so I feel like I'm acting weird.

Maybe it's because Sakura has grown, or maybe just because I finally noticed it.
...Well, I do think Sakura has become really beautiful.
That on it's own is great, but I don't think it's cool for a Senpai to have to be careful where he's looking.

"Good night then, Senpai. I'm glad you walked me home."
"I-Idiot. Don't thank me. You're the one making me dinner, so I should be the one thanking you."
Sakura just smiles with satisfaction.

"...Geez. If this is all it takes, I'll make a habit of it from tomorrow."
"Please do. It's fine if you only do it once in a while when you feel like it, but please do walk home with me. Nii-san will get mad, but I like being with you."

"Senpai, see you tomorrow! Thank you for today!"
Sakura calls back enthusiastically and disappears into her house.

"Well."
I should head home too.
I left Fuji-Nee at the house, and to be honest, that's what worries me.
"...Huh?"
Did I just hear something?

...I can hear it.
The sound of a creaking swing.
It takes me a while to realize it's the sound of some bug.

"...I wonder what kind of bug it is? It's well out of season, certainly."
I imagine a longhorn beetle in the dark, under the cold winter sky.

Then, I notice.
"...Huh? There are three rooms with lights on."
The one that just lit up is Sakura's room.
...The light on the first floor is Shinji's room, so what's the light from the third room?

"...? Only Shinji and Sakura should be living in that place..."
Maybe it's a guest, or Shinji's in that room.
Anyway, I've been here many times, but this is the first time I've seen the light on in that room.

"......"
Well, it's a big house.
It's not strange for a light to be on somewhere in such a house.
It's not strange, but....
"...What's this? I still feel uneasy."
I feel something, like a presence or a bad feeling.

In the cold air, the unseasonal sound echoes.
If there's such a thing as a hunch...
The bug hidden in the bushes feels very ominous.
And so, the day ends.
Just before midnight, Emiya Shirou must carry out his daily routine of using "magic".


I stretch out and adjust my breathing.
I try to empty my mind.
I ignore everything around me and pay attention only to what is inside me.

"Trace, on."
As if to hypnotize myself, I murmur the spell I'm long accustomed to.
No, I really am hypnotizing myself.
As I have no Magic Crest and no knowledge of magic, a spell is only a change to myself.

...Normally, there are no lines in a human body to allow the passage of magical energy.
To artificially change my body to create such a line, I need enough concentration to unify my whole body and every nerve within it.

Magic is a battle with yourself.
For instance, at this very moment, I am inserting a burning steel rod into my backbone.
This metal rod is the only "Magic Circuit" I can prepare for myself.
When I insert it this deep into my body and connect it to the other nerves, I can finally become a magus.

This is not a metaphor.
In reality, something like a burning tong which cannot be seen or felt is being inserted into my backbone.

I am a sorcerer.
Emiya Kiritsugu, the man who said so, was really a magus.
A living magus who performed many marvels and had touched the very structure of the world.
As a young child, I admired him and asked him to teach me magic.

But you cannot become a magus just through effort. It requires born talent and appropriate knowledge.
And of course, I have no talent, and Kiritsugu taught me nothing of magic.
He said something about me having no need of such knowledge.

I still don't know what he meant by that.
But still, it didn't matter to me back then.
I thought that if I could use magic, I could be like him.

But I was not born with talent: no strength of Magic Circuit, no accumulated works of magic handed down for generations.

The work of magic Kiritsugu possessed, the Magic Crest passed down the Emiya family, can only be passed on to a blood relation.
A Magic Crest forces a rejection on those with no blood relation.
So, as an adopted son, I could not receive the Emiya family's Magic Crest.

Well, anyways.
As I don't even know what a Magic Crest is, it doesn't matter if I have one or not.

So now, all it comes down to is training what I can do.
If I want to be a magus, I have to learn magic fit to my nature.

To be blunt, magic is a way to release one's magical energy.
You could say that magical energy is my life force.
It is divided into two forms: a large source, "mana", floating around the world, and a small source, "odo", created inside oneself.

It goes without saying that the large source is superior to the small one.
The power of "mana" is on a completely different level from "odo".
Whatever the form of the magic, a spell using the large source far exceeds one using only one's own power.

That is why superior magi excel at drawing magical energy from the world.
It's like a filter.
A magus turns his body into a filter, sucks up the mana from the world around him, and changes it into something he can use.
This filter is what we call a Magic Circuit.

This is the talent one is born with, and the number of the Magic Circuits within you is determined the moment you are born.
A normal human being does not have many Magic Circuits.
To begin with, there are always very few.
That is why magi pile them up generation after generation, making their children more suitable to use magic.
I hear some families go too far and increase the number of Magic Circuits by selective breeding.

...Well, since I was raised in a normal family, I don't have many Magic Circuits.

So that leaves only one method open to me.
According to Kiritsugu, every person has at least one form of magic they are fit for.
He said something about drawing out magical energy appropriate to their "origin", but I didn't really understand.
All I know for sure is that even I have some magic I can use, and if I train that magic, I may be able to become like Kiritsugu.

That is why I learned only that magic.
That was eight years ago.
After a lot of thought, Kiritsugu finally accepted me as his student.

Listen, Shirou. To learn magic is to stray away from common sense. You die when you die, and you kill when you must.
Our essence is not in life but in death. Magic is only a way to destroy yourself

I guess I had no fear as a child.
Kiritsugu smiled bitterly, putting his hand on the nodding Emiya Shirou.

What I will teach you will bring you conflicts.
That is why you must not use it in front of people, and you must not cease your practice even though it is difficult to learn.
Well, I don't really care if you break that one.
The most important thing is that magic is something you use not for yourself, but for others. If you do that, you may become a magic user, but you will not become a magus

...I guess Kiritsugu didn't want me to become a magus.
I don't care about that.
I don't admire a magus. I admire Kiritsugu.
If I can become like Kiritsugu and be there for someone like on that red day, that will be

"!"
I'm thinking needlessly.
I feel the iron rod in my backbone slide into place.

"Uh, gah...!"
If I lose control of my breathing now, it would be a fatal mistake. The artificial Magic Circuit will eat away my body and destroy it.
If that happens, I'll die.
I would be only an amateur, failing such an elementary step...

I grind my teeth and resume the connection.
After a battle like walking on needles, the iron rod finally arrives deep within me and fuses with my body.
...This process took me about an hour.
After that much time, I'm finally able to make one artificial circuit... one circuit that produces magical energy.

"Basic structure, analyze."
After that, it becomes a process of naturally flowing magical energy.
Emiya Shirou is no magus.
He is only a magic user, who can create magical energy within his body and channel it into objects.

So there's only one magic possible.
Which is...

"Composition, analyze."
Strengthening objects.
It is a magic of "strengthening" that reinforces the object's abilities by understanding the object's structure and channeling magical energy into it.

"Basic structure, alter."
Before me is a metal pipe.
I will channel magical energy into it, perform the simplest magic, and reinforce its durability.

Basically, channeling your magical energy into something other than yourself is like pouring poison into that object.
It is just as the blood of Emiya Shirou is not the blood of the metal pipe. Pumping different blood only accelerates its breakdown, it certainly wouldn't strengthen it.
To prevent that and to turn the poison into a tonic, one must completely understand the structure of the target and channel the magical energy into small open spaces.

"...Composition, reinforce."
...It must be easy for a skilled magus, but for me, who cannot even create sufficient magical energy, it's as hard as hitting a target hundreds of meters away.
The usual target in archery is 27 meters away.
How much harder it is at many times that distance, goes without saying

"Guh...!"
The heat in my body quickly escapes.
The burning pillar in my backbone disappears, and the lungs stretched to the limit demand air.

"Haa... haa, haa, haaaaa....!"
I arc my back to hold off the daze almost making me pass out.

"Ah... dammit, I failed again..."
There's no change in the metal pipe. It seems that the magical energy I poured into it has evaporated into the air.

"...It's hard to improve something that already has form."
The thing I'm attempting is like adding something to an already complete work of art.

Adding to a complete object risks making it less perfect.
Adding unnecessary things will actually decrease the value.
That is why the magic of "strengthening" is simple yet difficult, and only a few magi use it willingly.

...It's not like I use it willingly either, but it can't be helped as this is the only thing I'm good at.
It would be much easier if I could just form something out of clay and use it instead, but a substitute in appearance doesn't have the internal structure to match.

The junk around here is a good example.
When I fail with strengthening magic, I make some substitute objects to practice and to calm down, but they all end up with nothing inside.
I can visualize something's structure easily, so I can make the outside look like the original. But it's empty inside, and of course, it doesn't do anything.


I wipe the sweat off my brow.
Now that I think about it, I realize my whole body is sweating like I've been drenched with a bucket of water.
...But I'm lucky it just ended like this.
That was really bad.
If I'd taken a second longer to recover myself, I would probably have destroyed most of my body.

"...If I improved every time I came closer to death, there might be some hope..."
It's not even that easy.
But it is true that you won't improve your magic if you're scared of death.

As long as you study magic, death is always right beside you.
Even a simple magic repeated every day can go off with a simple mistake, taking the caster's life.

The first step of a magus is to accept death.
Kiritsugu said so sadly.
Maybe he meant that he didn't want me to take such a step.

"...Saving someone means not saving someone else. A superhero is really selfish, huh...?"
Kiritsugu said that to me when I told him I wanted to be just like him.
I still don't know what he meant.
But Emiya Shirou has to become a superhero who goes around saving people, just like Emiya Kiritsugu.

"...But I still can't even do basic things like this. Why do I get distracted by needless things at the most important times? I'm so stupid."
It's not enough to understand the structure of an object with mere vision.
A skilled magus only detects what's important and channels magical energy without waste.

'My dream is to become a superhero.'

I remember what Fuji-Nee said during dinner.
I don't think it's embarrassing nor impossible.
It's already determined. Emiya Shirou will succeed Emiya Kiritsugu.

That's why even though I'm inexperienced, I've done everything I can.
I don't know what kind of a person a superhero should be.
So I can only approach it by helping others within the limits of my abilities.

I have aimed straight for that goal for the past five years, but when things just go wrong like this, I do have doubts.
"...Geez, I don't get it, Father.
How can I become a superhero?"

I look up at the sky through the window.
It's not like I can just randomly do good deeds.
I think being a superhero is different from just helping others.
I know that, but the question is, how can I become one?
The difference between the two is the thing I've failed to understand for the past five years.

...My awakening is dark.
Perhaps I just don't dream much, but unless something really special happens, I always seem to have the same dream.

...What I imagine are swords.
I don't know why it is, but this is the only thing that comes into my mind.
There's no meaning or reason to it.
It may just be one of the aspects making up Emiya Shirou.

There are no dreams to dream.
The only things I recall from sleep are things I was taught a long time ago.
For example, about magi.
Even if I'm an amateur, if I'm a magus, it's only natural for me to understand the kind of world I live in.

To put it simply, a magus is an exception in conflict with modern society.
But even exceptions must band together to survive.
Father told me that the group of magi is called the "Magic Association".
...He also said that I shouldn't associate with them.

The group called the Magic Association hides magic and organizes magi.
They basically keep watch to see that magi do not affect society with magic, but the strange part is that they do not prohibit misuse of magic.

According to Kiritsugu, the Magic Association is only interested in the concealment of magic.
Even if a magus carries out his research at the expense of the lives of many ordinary people, the Magic Association will not punish him.
Their priority is that magic should not become public, so they do not ban magic.
So, they're crazy people who think you can do anything as long as you don't get caught.

Anyway, the surveillance of the Magic Association is thorough.
Most magical research would cost the lives of ordinary people, and as a result, the existence of magic would become public.
So, the Association does not allow research that would harm society.

So magi stay at home and research quietly, while the normal world carries on unmolested.
Hence, magi only try to hide themselves to escape the Association.
...So perhaps, I just don't know it and a magus lives in this town.

I hear Fuyuki City is a spiritually excellent area.
Such an area always has a distinguished magus with a history.
They are called the "Second Owner", an elite, and the Association entrusts the area to them.
Magi who would live in the area must visit them and obtain their permission to construct a workshop.

...Looking at it like that, we're thieves living here without the permission of the landlord.
Father was an outlaw who cut his ties with the Association and moved here without the consent of the administrator of Fuyuki.

The Owner doesn't know that Emiya Kiritsugu was a magus, and Kiritsugu didn't know who the Owner was.
With reasoning like that, I think our position is ambiguous.

Father, the real magus, has passed away.
And I, his son and pupil, don't know the Magic Association and have not the skill to be a magus.
...From the Association's point of view, they would want to catch an amateur like me doing things, but I've seen no movement yet.
No, I've heard that Japan is relatively hidden from the eyes of the Association, so I think I've just not been found out.

But that doesn't mean I can let my guard down.
People say that the eyes of the Association are everywhere. On top of that, if you commit a crime with magic, the heretic hunters of the church will come after you.
...That just means that whatever you use magic for, lack of care will create enemies.
I, Emiya Shirou, just have to study independently, taking that into account

"...Hm."
I wake up to see the sun shining in through the window.
The sun may have just risen as it's still a bit dark outside.
"...Hm. I'm really not good in the mornings."
I get up, trying not to be defeated by the morning chill, and quickly fold up my futon.

It's five thirty.
One of my strengths is waking up at this time, no matter how late I go to sleep. I do sometimes make mistakes and wake up late like yesterday, but I usually wake up early.
I think alarm clocks are degenerate, so I haven't used one since I was a kid.

"Alright, breakfast..."
Since I let Sakura do all the work yesterday, I have to return the favor this morning.
I should finish preparing before Sakura arrives.

I cook rice and make some miso soup.
It was radish and carrot yesterday, so I make onion and potato miso soup today.
I also make the usual broth egg and broth boil, and I'm done.
I cut and salt the saury, and stop just before cooking it.

"All right, that should do."
It's almost six o'clock.
I finished earlier than expected, so I have some extra time.
So, what should I do?
Unlike Shinto, there's no one in Miyama City.
After eight o'clock, there are no people around, and the town is terribly quiet.

At the junction is the house I saw this morning.
There's no sign of people, and the door has a "do not enter" sign.

...After only one day, the house is as quiet as an abandoned building.
Parents and older sister killed by the burglar.
What kind of life remains for the child left behind?


I bite my lip, feeling powerless.
Even after swearing to become like Kiritsugu, I can't do anything about something that happened so close by.
Even though I want to help someone, in the end, I don't even know what I can do.

I climb the hill and reach the Emiya house.
The lights are still on, so Sakura or Fuji-Nee must still be there.

"I'm home... Oh, just you, Fuji-Nee?"
"Hm? Oh, welcome home, Shirou."
Fuji-Nee turns around, munching on a rice cracker.
The TV shows a loud variety show.

"Geez, coming home at a time like this again... I told you to come home early since it gets dark early in the winter."
"I am home early. I'm taking part-time jobs that finish at eight, so don't be so unreasonable.
...So, where's Sakura? It looks like dinner's ready, but..."

"Sakura-chan went home early. She said she had something to do today, so she just cooked dinner and left."
Fuji-Nee says so happily.
As far as she's concerned, anyone who cooks for her is a good person.

"I see. That might be a good idea for a while. It's been dangerous recently, so maybe I should just cook dinner myself until next term."
"What? I protest! You come home so late, Shirou. If you don't cook until after that, we won't eat until after ten."

"...Hold on. Can't you just eat at home?"
"What? I am at home."
Fuji-Nee seems puzzled.
Honestly, I'm not sure if that makes me happy or sad.

"...Alright, I understand. I can't exactly expect you to cook for yourself, can I?
...Anyways, what's that thing by your feet? Don't tell me you've been picking up junk again."

Fuji-Nee has a terrible habit of leaving junk at my place.
Large bowls from restaurants, a heavy teapot she got in the shopping district, a strange guitar that plays by itself... I think she thinks of this place as some kind of a warehouse.

"Let me see. I'll throw it away if it's junk."
"This? Uh, it's a poster that was left over at my place...."
Fuji-Nee hands me the poster.
It's probably some infamous idol or something.

"Let's see..."
Here we have, a military-style guy with his thumbs up, on a cheap looking blue sky background.
In letters like blood, it reads:
   "Love's Lovely Ranger Land.
    Please join the Self-Defense Force"[r]
...Hold on, this is an army recruiting poster...!

"I don't want it, so you can have it."
"Whoa, I don't want this either!"
I roll up the poster and hit Fuji-Nee with it.

"Heheh, missed."
But.
Fuji-Nee deflects my attack with a poster she had hidden, and counterattacks mercilessly.
Bam.
The poster lightly knocks my

"Guhhh!?"
Stars! I saw stars!

"Heheh, don't imagine you can hit me with your skills. You need to practice more."
"Guh... t-that's not the problem. What was that? Why does a poster make a crash like that...?"
Could this be the skill of a master...!?

"Huh? Oh, sorry, this poster is the special first edition made from steel plate.
...Shirou, is your head all right...?"
"...Fuji-Nee, your personality is going to kill someone one day..."

"Hehe. I'm not worried. Shirou would marry me if that happened."
"Huh, I completely refuse. I have no intention of marrying such a thoughtless killer."

"Hey... I don't think I'm that dangerous of a person."
"I knew it. So it's true that people never know themselves."
How true, how true.
I'll have to watch out or I'll be killed.

"Huh, just keep saying that. Anyways, I'm hungry, Shirou. I've waited all this time, so let's have dinner."
Fuji-Nee stands up.
...How strange. Fuji-Nee is helping out (even if it's only setting up the dishes). She must be really hungry.

"Okay. Then you can get the dishes out. You can pour rice, right?"
"I can. Hey, Shirou, can I use a bowl?"
"I guess so. Sakura isn't here today, so there'll be some left over anyway."
"All right. I'll use the same for you, then."
Fuji-Nee pours rice into two bowls.

"......"
Oh well. I was going to have seconds anyway. And besides, if I argue with Fuji-Nee, she'll take my dinner away.
And to add...
Chaotic dinners like this have been common scenes for many years now.

...The day ends.
Finishing a rowdy dinner and seeing Fuji-Nee off, I take a bath.
After that, I practice my daily routine in the shed.
I complete it as usual and go to sleep.
It is one in the morning.
The day ends peacefully without any troubles.
"Yeah. I have time, so I'll make something else."
I open the refrigerator.
All that's left are some cucumber and potatoes.

"...Hmmm. I could cut and salt the cucumber, or cut the potatoes and serve them vinegared...."
But those are both things I could do in a couple of minutes, and they're better fresh.
It'll be half an hour until Fuji-Nee and Sakura arrive, so I should make a dish right before they get here.

"...Hmph."
In that case, this is free time I can't make much use of.
Is there anything I can do in thirty minutes...?
"There's some chicken, so..."
I could cook some bite-sized meat rolls with vegetables, or something like that.

I cut the meat and tenderize it.
At a glance, the meat tenderizer is really evil. It's like a hammer, but it's flat on four sides and has lots of spikes coming out of it.

If it were bigger, it would make a great instrument of torture.
I flatten the meat with the scary object, put some carrots and kidney beans on it, roll it up, cook it in the pan, and steam it with wine.

"...Huh!? Hold on, what am I doing...!?"
At that point, I regain my sanity.
I was trying to make a side dish, as the saury was already the main dish.
So what am I doing, making another main dish...!?

"...Honestly. I must have let my guard down, cooking just to pass the time."
"Eh? You were cooking just to pass the time, Senpai?"
"Yeah. The thing is, I was trying to make a side dish. But before I realized it, I was using the knife. Well, I guess habit is a scary thing... of course, that's just an excuse."

"But isn't that alright? It's a bit big for breakfast, but since you made it, I don't think there'll be any leftovers."
"You think so? No, that's not the problem.
There's no need for two suns in the sky. I'll have to ask one of them to leave."
"What!? You're not going to eat it, Senpai?"

"I will. I wasn't planning to, but I'll pack lunch today. That way, it won't be a waste."
"Wow... Senpai, you're going to make lunch right now?"
"It'll be close, but I think I can at least get my"

And then.
I finally realize someone's behind me.

"Good morning, Senpai. I'm here again today."
Sakura greets me with a smile.
It's not unusual for Sakura to come into the kitchen at this time.
She always rings the bell as she comes in, but sometimes I don't notice, like this morning.

"G-Good morning, Sakura. Breakfast's ready, so you can relax in the living room. There's some tea there."
I answer her, staring at the frying pan.
On the table is a pot of hot water, a teapot, and some snacks.

"Oh, yes. You're perfect again today, Senpai."
Sakura's voice is lively, as if she's happy about something.
...And Sakura comes into the kitchen instead of going to the table.

"Senpai? You're making lunch, right?"
"Hm? Yeah, it turned out that way. It's a good dish for lunch, so I thought I'd make some side dishes."
"Um, then can I help? I'll make my own, so..."
"Oh, wait. If you don't mind having the same thing, I can give you some of mine."
"Yes. I was watching and I wanted to have some of yours."
"All right. Can you cook the rice, then? We don't have enough for two. There should be a fast rice cooker over there."
"Yes, I'll take care of it. I'll go and start that, then."

I hear the sound of her footsteps, and of her tying her apron.
"Senpai? We're okay with two cups of rice, right?"
"Hmm, I think that'll be enough."
With quick movements, Sakura comes to help in the kitchen.

"Morning! Well done, it smells great!"
A little past six-thirty.
Thirty minutes after Sakura, Fuji-Nee arrives as usual.

"Good morning, Sensei. Please wait a little longer for breakfast."
"Yep, I'll wait. ...Oh, Sakura-chan, are you making breakfast with Shirou?"
"No, Senpai made breakfast on his own. We're making lunch right now."

Sakura's voice is really lively.
We're not doing anything particularly fun, so I don't know what she's so happy about.

"I see, so of course you're in a good mood. Cooking and Shirou, so much fun stuff. Okay, we don't have much time, but take it easy."
Laughing, Fuji-Nee sits at the table and pours some tea.

"...Geez, she must still be off dreaming. What's so fun about cooking for school?"
I put the pan back onto the rack.
The food's made, so all that's left is to pack the lunchboxes.

"Sorry, Sakura. I made you do extra work before club activities.
I wanted you to relax since you did a lot yesterday."
"Huh? Don't worry about that at all. Like Fujimura-Sensei said, I find cooking fun."

She smiles.
Well, I know she likes cooking... but still, it must be hard for her getting up at five o'clock to make lunch.
Besides, Sakura comes and makes dinner often.
So if I'm getting her to cook in the mornings too, she might have no free time at all.

"...Phew. I'm grateful for the help, but you should relax, Sakura. You should sleep in during the mornings, and after school is for playing around. You don't have to come and help around my house."

"Well, I am relaxing. You made breakfast today, and I got some food from you for lunch too."

She smiles.
...Sigh.
It's been a year and a half since Sakura started to help out. Now, she keeps coming back like this no matter what I say.

"That's different. You have your own life too, so you can't just take care of me and Fuji-Nee. If you're taking care of us, you won't be able to do all the things you want to."

"Ahaha, that's fine. My only hobbies are archery and cooking. In fact, my goal is to beat you at cooking, and I think I'm almost there."
Sakura puffs her chest out boastfully.
...Gah.
I want to argue back, but it's true as she is about to beat me.

"So please don't worry about it. I like cooking here, and improving is fun.
I'm helping you to pay you back for showing me this great pleasure, and for my own benefit."

"...Hm. Does that mean you're stealing some of my skill every day, Sakura?"
"Yes. I improve quickly just by helping you. So please be ready. I'll make you admit defeat someday."
Whoa.
I can't believe she said it so bluntly!

"...Man. If I'd known this was coming, I would never have taught you to cook. You never even heard of oil before coming here, but now you're after me like an enemy. Really, why are you chasing me like this?
Can't you just be happy making food?"

"Of course I'm after you. You can't be better than me."
"...?"
I'm not sure what's so bad about that, but we should start setting the table for breakfast.

"Alrighty."
I check the saury.
Placing my chopstick on the well grilled stomach, I check how cooked it is.

"I guess that's done. Here, Sakura, can you take this to the table?"
"Yes, thank you Senpai."

I hand the plate of saury to Sakura.
Then, as if remembering something important, Sakura stops dead.

"Sakura? What's wrong, did you leave something at home?"
Sakura may seem shrewd, but she actually forgets things a lot.
It's not unusual for her to remember something and stop like this.
But... it seems like that's not the case this morning.

"...Sakura?"
"......"
There's no answer.
She just blankly stares at my hand like she's still in a daze, then...

"Senpai... what's that bruise on your hand?"
She asks me a strange question.

"Huh?"
I look down at the hand she's talking about.

"Huh...? You're right, there is a bruise. That's weird, I don't remember hitting it anywhere."

For some reason, there's a big bruise on the back of my left hand.
It's quite an impressive welt, and it looks like it came from some sort of a cut.
Even on my own hand, it looks bad.
Perhaps Sakura's not feeling well as she's very quiet.

"Sorry, can you handle the rest? I'll go put something on it."
I let Sakura take care of the kitchen and head for the dojo.
I don't know if I did this during my sleep, but I'll have to treat it.


But for some reason, I'm worried about Sakura, who looked awkward and downcast.

"I'll go on ahead, then."
"Sakura, are you sure you're all right? You can skip your club if you're not feeling well."

"No, I'm fine. It's just a light headache, so you shouldn't worry about it. I only look bad because you imagine it. I'm doing really well today."
She says so with a smile.
...But anyone can tell she's just bluffing.

"Really well, huh? Even though you couldn't eat any breakfast?"
"Oh...."
She looks away awkwardly.

Without looking up, she replies...
"...Please excuse me. You're the one who should be resting, Senpai."
With those words, she leaves.

The table is cleared.
But on the plate in the kitchen, Sakura's meal remains untouched.

"Honestly, what's wrong with her?"
She had been in such a good mood, but after seeing my bruise, Sakura suddenly became quiet and started to make lots of mistakes.

She overfilled the tea, drenched the omelets with soy sauce, and sat down at the table with her apron on.
And on top of that, she ate nothing and went to school looking pale.

"Maybe she caught a cold or something."
I mutter to myself while cleaning up.
It's the first time I've seen Sakura like this.
I got to know her during the summer four years ago, and she started coming here to help a year and a half ago.
In that time, I've never seen her look this ill.


...Fuji-Nee will be at the archery range, so I don't think there'll be a problem there. But I should go and check on her after school or sometime...
Twenty minutes after taking the bus from my school, I arrive at the neighboring town of Shinto across the bridge.

"...Oh, it's not five o'clock yet? I guess I still have some time."
Miyama City is a residential district, so it's hard to find part-time jobs there, but the developing Shinto has many available.
The school rules allow for part-time jobs, so I work a few easy ones.

Within them, I prefer hard physical labor that ends as quickly as possible.
It's killing two birds with one stone, as it builds my body while I get paid for it.

Today's job is a simple loading job from five to eight o'clock.
Even though it's only three hours, there's six hours worth of work to do. They make you run around without a minute's rest.

So I should rest when I can, even if it's just for ten minutes.
It's a waste of energy walking around until my job, so I guess I'll rest in the park.

This park among the buildings is like a big field.
A park should be filled with people like families and lovers on weekends, but it's empty here now.
No... this place is always desolate.

"This place is the same as always."
I'm a bit sad.
The utterly neglected ground looks awful compared to the neatly organized surroundings.
The desolate area makes the wind feel cold.
This is the remains of the conflagration ten years ago, and this is the place where I was saved from burning to death.

"I wonder why they don't plant grass here. It's a waste to keep it like this."
It's a large area, so if they retiled it, the park would get bigger.
Thinking absent-mindedly, I sit down on a bench.


I stare at the burned land to pass the time.
I don't remember what happened here back then.
I probably don't remember because I was a kid, and it wouldn't have been an easy scene to memorize.
All I can remember is that it was hot and I couldn't breathe.
And that people died trying to save others.

"I wonder why...."
For example, an adult that tried to save a child from a burning house. He saved the child, but died in its place.
For example, there were people who had their throats burned, but they gave what little water they had to one guy, and the others died.
For example, there was someone who ran alone to get away from the fire as fast as possible, and everyone that he passed on the way died.

And for example...
People who died because they gave away something that was saving them, only to save others they didn't even know.

"......"
I didn't like things like that.
It makes me mad that those who tried hard were sacrificed.
Am I greedy to want an ending where everybody is safe and happy?
All I wanted was to see people relax peacefully, so why couldn't I manage such a simple thing?

'That's difficult. What you want is to save everyone.'

Kiritsugu answered so to the question I asked as a child.
Of course, as a child, I denied it.
Because Kiritsugu saved me. I knew he was a sorcerer who could do anything.
I knew he was a superhero who couldn't ignore people in need, who saved them for no benefit.
So I believed Kiritsugu could have saved everyone back then.

When I told him that, he made a troubled expression and said something that I remember to this day.

'Shirou, saving one person means not saving others. Look, a superhero can only save the people he has saved. It's obvious, but that is the definition of a superhero.'

I understand that.
It's obvious, now that he's said it.
Let's say there's a robber and some hostages, and the robber intends to kill the hostages.
With normal methods, most of the hostages will be killed.

Even if you use a miraculous method to save all the hostages, there will still be one person who isn't saved.
That, of course, is the robber whose hostages were rescued.
The people a superhero saves are only those he decides to save.
That's why even God cannot save everyone.

"All the more so if it's a natural disaster. No one could have saved everybody."
The fire ten years ago was like that.
It's not something I, who was miraculously saved from it, can talk about now.

"But I don't want that."
I don't want such a thing.
I don't want help that has a limited capacity.
You have to help, no matter how impossible it is.
I can't stand to have strangers dying around me like back then.

So if I had been there ten years ago, even if it was impossible, I would have gone into the fire and...
"I would certainly have died in vain."
That's for certain.
Geez, I'm hopeless.

"Gah, it's five o'clock already."
The five o'clock bell rings.
I stand up and quickly make my way to my work.

When my job's done, the sun has already set.
It's a bit before eight.
I finished ten minutes early because I worked too hard.
It seems I worked frantically since I went to that place before work.

Here in front of the station, the night's just getting started.
There are lots of people, and a constant flow of cars on the road.
The buildings are still lit up, and just looking at them makes me feel like I'm watching a grand festival of illumination.

"I guess I don't have to buy anything for Fuji-Nee."
I walk while looking up at the lighted building.
It's the biggest building in Shinto, so I can't see the top clearly.
I just gaze up the building, just enjoying the night's scenery...
"...?"
...When I think I see something out of place.

"What was that?"
I stop and stare at the rooftop.
I focus my eyes, looking at the thing as small as a grain of rice.

"...What the..."
It looks like someone I know.

Why is she there?
What would she be doing there?
With her long hair fluttering and doing nothing, she looks down at the town.

"......"
It doesn't seem like she notices me down here.
No, there's no way she could see me.
She's so high up that I, with better eyesight than most, can barely see her by improving my vision with magical energy.
I can recognize her since she's standing there alone, but there's no way she would notice me down here among all these people.

She's just looking down at the town.
Maybe she's looking for something, as I can feel her sharp stare even down here.
"......"
I forget about time and keep looking up at the girl standing in the sky.
She is on top of a tall tower.
She's like a witch, looking down at the earth with the moon behind her.

"Oh..."
And then.
She must be done with whatever she was doing, as she disappears.
Her figure has disappeared and the scene returns to the beautiful view of the night.
"That was Tohsaka, right?"

I have no proof, but I think I'm right.
There aren't many girls with looks that stand out that much, and more than that, I'm not stupid enough to mistake a girl I secretly admire.

"...I see. But still..."
Well, it's...
Tohsaka sure has strange hobbies.
"Yeah, I guess I can train a bit if I have this much time."
The morning exercises are my daily routine, so I'll go and move my body a bit.

The Emiya household has a splendid dojo.
It was built for pleasure when the house was built, so there's no particular purpose to it.

"Well, Fuji-Nee is using it for herself, though."
I hear that this place was Fuji-Nee's playground even before I came here.
But I became Kiritsugu's student and started using this place a lot, so Fuji-Nee hated me back then.

"...Well."
There's only one thing to do now that I'm here.
Even a magus cannot neglect to train their body.
One of the requirements for a magus is to have excellent physical abilities.

While Kiritsugu was alive, we had many matches here.
Well, it was pretty much him beating on me, so I didn't learn anything about how to win in a fight.
...But I think I learned the difference between a fight and a battle.
In other words, I was taught the difference between killing your opponent and beating your opponent.

Knowledge and experience are different.
Unless I know in advance, it's hard to tell whether I'm involved in a fight or a murder.

...It's a simple story.
As long as you learn magic, you might destroy yourself, and times will come when you have to fight.
For a magi, a fight means killing each other.
So I think what Kiritsugu wanted to teach me was to prepare my mind for the prospect of death.

But it's been a while since my teacher passed away.
On my own, all I can do are simple exercises.
Things like push-ups, sit-ups, and stretching. Not too different from the morning practices I did in the archery club.
The only difference is if I'm training lightly or heavily.
"Yeah, I guess I can train a bit if I have this much time."
The morning exercises are my daily routine, so I'll go and stretch my body a bit.

The empty dojo is quiet enough to brace myself.
In the morning, when the sun has just risen, the silence has a holy feel to it that fascinates those who come here.

"...Well."
There's only one thing to do now that I'm here.
Since Kiritsugu died, this place has become a gym to train my body.

Even a magus cannot neglect to train their body.
One of the requirements for a magus is to have excellent physical abilities.
While Kiritsugu was alive, we had many matches here.

Well, it was pretty much him beating on me, so I didn't learn anything about how to win in a fight.
...But I think I learned the difference between a fight and a battle.
In other words, I was taught the difference between killing your opponent and beating your opponent.

Knowledge and experience are different.
Unless I know in advance, it's hard to tell whether I'm involved in a fight or a murder.

...It's a simple story.
As long as you learn magic, you might destroy yourself, and times will come when you have to fight.
For a magi, a fight means killing each other.
So I think what Kiritsugu wanted to teach me was to prepare my mind for the prospect of death.

But it's been a while since my teacher passed away.
On my own, all I can do are simple exercises that anyone could do.

"Well then, let's do this properly."
After warming up by stretching, I start my exercises, keeping my attention inside my body.

I comprehend the flow of the Magic Circuit, the friction in my bones, the distortion in my thinking during fatigue, all while I'm training.

"120... 150... 170..."
Even a simple push-up can be training for the Magic Circuit if I put on mental shackles instead of metal weights.
As I don't have a teacher, exercise like that of club's morning practice is an important part of training.
It's almost seven thirty.
Sakura and Fuji-Nee have already left for their morning club practice.
I went to school early yesterday because Issei wanted me to, but I leave my house at the usual time today.

I run into an unusual scene when I reach the intersection.
Several police cars are parked outside a house.
Something must have happened, as it's noisy and lots of people are surrounding the area.

"Hm?"
I'm curious, but I cannot tell what's going on with all the people surrounding it.
I have no time, so I should prioritize school.

I reach school ten minutes before the bell.
I enter the main gate as usual.
"Hey, morning Emiya."
I bump into a familiar female student.

"What, you've not changed yet, Mitsuzuri? It's almost homeroom, you shouldn't have time to say hello to me."

"Ahahaha! You're right. You're cold as always, Emiya!"
She laughs as if something is really funny.
Mitsuzuri Ayako.
She was my classmate in first year, and she's now the captain of the archery club.

She's very insightful, and everyone expected her to become captain since the first year.
...Well, in other words, her mental age is older than her real age, so she's been the older sister type everyone counts on since she was a first year.
Though, she gets mad when people say that. According to her, she's not that old.

"Huh? Were you just thinking badly of me?"
"I wouldn't dream of it. I was just thinking objectively about the truth. Though, it's up to you if you want to feel angry about it."

"Oh, you don't say. That's good. You answered honestly, but you never revealed what you were thinking about.
You don't let your guard down like Shinji does."
"Shinji? What does he have to do with this?"

"Because you guys are friends.
You're the only male friend he has, right? And you might have forgotten, but I'm the captain of the archery club. Don't you think it's only natural for me to connect the current problem student and the problem student that quit?"

"Yeah, that's certainly natural. The archery club has nothing to do with it, but I certainly do have an unsavory and inseparable relationship with him."

"Oh, that makes me mad. You get so cold when talking about the archery club.
You've got it nice. You left Shinji behind and just quit. Couldn't you think about those who were left, like me and Sakura?"

"Hmm. Did Shinji do something again?"
"A day doesn't pass when he doesn't do something.
...But still, yesterday was a bit too much.[l]
He even made a guy from the first year quit."

Mitsuzuri sighs seriously.
It's rare for her to make a face like this, but even more than that, I can't ignore what she just said.

"What's that? A student quit? Why?"
"Shinji took his anger out on him. He got loads of female students around and made the kid, who has barely started handling bows, shoot. He laughed at him until he hit the target."
"Huh!? And you let that happen!?"

"Of course I didn't! But a captain's busy, you know? I can't always be in the dojo. You know that."

"...That's true, but what the hell was Shinji thinking? He does teach very harshly, but he's not the type to make fun of people like that."

"...I'm surprised. You really are like that."
"Hm, what do you mean by that? Were you just thinking badly of me?"

"Oh, I was just thinking objectively about the truth. So it's up to you if you want to feel angry about it."
"...Stop copying me.[l]
Fine, but what about Shinji? Why did he act like that?"

"Hmm, from what I heard, it was something like getting turned down harshly by Tohsaka."
"Huh? You mean, that Tohsaka?"

"There's no other Tohsaka at our school.[l]
I'm talking about the honor student in class 2-A, Miss Perfect, Tohsaka Rin."
"...I don't think I've heard that nickname before."

It's the first time I've heard the nickname, but I would probably agree with it.
With Tohsaka involved, I can understand even Shinji getting turned down, and most of all...
If it was Tohsaka, I can see her refusing him mercilessly.

"Anyways, Shinji's been like this since yesterday.
That's why I've had to keep an eye on the dojo until now today."
"Shinji has a nasty temper. I know it's hard, but keep up the hard work, Mitsuzuri."

"Okay, okay. But Shinji never knows when to stop, you know? I feel like he'll do something really bad if he asks her out again and gets turned down again."
"No, even Shinji wouldn't approach someone who turned him down. He's pretty good about that kind of thing."

"But he can't help it if the person who turned him down comes near him. I don't know why, but Tohsaka comes and visits the dojo pretty often. You quit, so you wouldn't know."

"Hm?"
That's the first I've heard of it.
Tohsaka Rin doesn't do any club activities for personal reasons. I thought she went straight home since she even turned down the recommendation to join the student council.

"Well, maybe that sort of thing is good every now and then. He has a haughty attitude, so it might be good for him to have a hard time for once."
Mitsuzuri says some dangerous things.
...Come to think of it, I heard that Tohsaka has many enemies. Could Mitsuzuri be one of them?

"Hey Mitsuzuri, that's going too..."
"Oh, it's almost time. Bye Emiya, come and see my archery skills sometime."
Mitsuzuri hurries off.

"She's just like always."
But I like that part of her.
Feeling calmer now, I head for the classroom.

It's lunchtime.
Our school has a splendid cafeteria and most students eat there.
But there are some old-fashioned students who bring their own lunches. Two of them happen to be me and the student council president in front of me.

"Emiya, could you give me some of that fried chicken? My lunch is desperately lacking in meat."
"Sure, but why is your lunch so plain? You live in a temple, but there aren't any teachings prohibiting meat or alcohol, right?

"Such an anachronism. It's just my father's way.
He says there's no luxurious foods for a young priest, and that I should have to work for what I want. I'm thinking of running away and joining the circus."
"Oh, yeah, that sounds like that guy."

Issei's father is the priest of the Ryudou Temple, and a bold guy who's old friends with the old man at Fuji-Nee's place.
You can't expect a normal personality when he's friends with a guy like that.

"That's great. Well then, I'll give you one in the hope of repayment someday."
I hand him my lunchbox.
"Thank you. This too is part of my religious training."
Issei bows deeply.
...How can I put this? I never know what to say when things like this remind me that he's the son of a priest.

"Oh, by the way, Emiya. Did you know there was something going on around the 2nd avenue? It's right around the intersection where we part."
"Intersection...?"
The intersection this morning... he must mean that clamor with all the police cars.

"I heard there was a murder. I don't know the details, but of the family of four, only the child survived. They say the older sister and the parents were stabbed to death. But what's strange is that they think the weapon was a long one, not like a knife or something."


A long weapon? He must mean something like a sword.
It was a murder... so that must mean the sister and the parents were killed.

...I picture it.
Someone barging in during the night. Unjust violence. A one-sided pillage like an accident. Slashed parents. The sister killed without even knowing what's going on. To the side, the child covered in their blood.

"Issei, have they caught the murderer?"
"It doesn't seem like it. Accidents from faulty construction in Shinto, and murder here. It's no wonder they're making the curfew here at school earwhat's wrong, Emiya? Did you choke on something?"

"Hm? Nothing, what's wrong?"
"No... I was just surprised since you had a nasty expression. Sorry, this wasn't something I should have talked about during lunch.

Issei tries to soften the air apologetically.
...I was fine with the topic, but was I really making such a nasty face?

And then, there's a quiet knock at the door.
"Excuse me, is Ryudou here?"
"Huh? Oh, what is it, Sensei?"
Issei addresses Kuzuki, who just entered.
It must be a simple talk about the student council as Issei seems pretty relaxed.

"...Wow."
That's not something you see everyday.
Despite his appearance, Issei's very shy. The guy who draws a line against his classmates and even his teachers is letting his guard down with Kuzuki.

"Maybe they get along because they're both so serious."
Kuzuki Souichirou, the teacher in charge of class 2-A, is serious and stubborn.
Probably that aspect helps him get along with Issei, who prizes order and discipline.


The two continue to talk.
All the while, I can't get the story of the murder out of my head.
I'm worried about the conversation I had this morning, so I've made my way to the archery club before I knew it.
"Geez, what am I doing?"
According to Mitsuzuri, Tohsaka Rin comes here often.
Well, I really don't care about that, but I know that Shinji getting angry at her is going to be a problem.

"...Shinji just doesn't stop when he gets angry...."
It's bad if Shinji gets violent just because she turned him down.
...I don't know why it's bad, it's just bad.
It makes me feel bad just thinking about it, so I have to stop it from happening.

"Oh, Tohsaka's not here."
Tohsaka isn't around. Mitsuzuri's worries were needless.

"Oh, who's not here?"
"...!!"
I spin around.

"So... who's not here?"
And there's Issei, whom I just left behind.

"Oh, i-it's you, Issei. Don't scare me like that."
"Well, you were looking at the dojo suspiciously.
So, who's not there?"
"Tohsaka. I heard that she had an argument with Shinji yesterday, so I came to see how things were."

"Oh wow, that is suspicious. You gave your reasons without being asked. I only asked you who wasn't here."

"...! W-What? What I do shouldn't concern you."

"Yes, that's right. But it's useless, Emiya. Tohsaka won't be here. That's because she intentionally skipped school today."
"What?"
Skipped school... so, she was absent today?

"I see, she's absent... wait, Issei. How can you say she skipped school? I don't think she'd do such a thing."
"Of course she will. She won't catch a cold. As I see it, she's evil. You'll be eaten if you let her looks deceive you, Emiya."

"Hm."
Somehow, Issei's words annoy me.
It's true that I don't know her, but I can't imagine that she's a bad person.

"You're going too far, Issei. Tohsaka can't be like that."

"Hmm? What, you're after Tohsaka too? Oh, I'm sorry. Please ignore what I just said."
"...!"
A-After Tohsaka!? Who said anything like that!?

"D-Don't jump to conclusions! I just thought it'd be bad if Shinji got into trouble again."

"So you were planning to stop Shinji if he attacked Tohsaka, huh? You're playing an unrewarded role again. ...I don't really care, but you have a bad taste, Emiya."

"It's not unrewarded since I haven't done it. But Issei, didn't you say something strange?"
"Huh? You mean that going after Tohsaka is in bad taste?"

"Yeah. Tohsaka is really popular. I haven't heard any bad rumors about her."
"Yes, none. And that's exactly what I don't like about it."
Issei looks away, snorting.

"What don't you like about it?"
"Everything. The woman is a fox, a schoolgirl, a monster. I just don't like her physiologically. I won't say anything bad, but you should try to hate her too."

"Issei, don't you always say we shouldn't talk badly of people behind their backs?"
"Idiot, this doesn't count as talking behind their back. I'm speaking so that she can hear it."

Ah, no wonder I feel someone's eyes from the archery dojo.
...Thank God.
I'm so glad Tohsaka is absent today.

"Please, Issei. Please restrict yourself to talking behind people's backs."
"All right, if you say so.
But I wasn't insulting her at all. I was only saying that I'm on guard against her. That should be within my rights."

"But you were saying things like monster and fox..."
...And I think the term schoolgirl is discrimination.

"No, that was just praise. There are good foxes and monsters too.
I only applied the terms to describe Tohsaka."
"Katsu."
Issei laughs.

"Well, I'll be going. I'm going back to the student council room, but you're going to work, right? You shouldn't have time to play around like this."

He must feel refreshed now that he's said everything he wanted, as he leaves calmly.
I've known him for 2 years now, but I still don't understand his personality.

Twenty minutes after taking the bus from my school, I arrive at the neighboring town of Shinto across the bridge.

"...Oh, it's not five o'clock yet? I guess I still have some time."
Miyama City is a residential district, so it's hard to find part-time jobs there, but the developing Shinto has many available.
The school rules allow for part-time jobs, so I work a few easy ones.

Within them, I prefer hard physical labor that ends as quickly as possible.
It's killing two birds with one stone, as it builds my body while I get paid for it.

Today's job is a simple loading job from five to eight o'clock.
Even though it's only three hours, there's six hours worth of work to do. They make you run around without a minute's rest.

So I should rest when I can, even if it's just for ten minutes.
It's a waste of energy walking around until my job, so I guess I'll rest in the park.

This park among the buildings is like a big field.
A park should be filled with people like families and lovers on weekends, but it's empty here now.
No... this place is always desolate.

"This place is the same as always."
I'm a bit sad.
The utterly neglected ground looks awful compared to the neatly organized surroundings.
The desolate area makes the wind feel cold.
This is the remains of the conflagration ten years ago, and this is the place where I was saved from burning to death.

"I wonder why they don't plant grass here. It's a waste to keep it like this."
It's a large area, so if they retiled it, the park would get bigger.
Thinking absent-mindedly, I sit down on a bench.


I stare at the burned land to pass the time.
I don't remember what happened here back then.
I probably don't remember because I was a kid, and it wouldn't have been an easy scene to memorize.
All I can remember is that it was hot and I couldn't breathe.
And that people died trying to save others.

"I wonder why...."
For example, an adult that tried to save a child from a burning house. He saved the child, but died in its place.
For example, there were people who had their throats burned, but they gave what little water they had to one guy, and the others died.
For example, there was someone who ran alone to get away from the fire as fast as possible, and everyone that he passed on the way died.

And for example...
People who died because they gave away something that was saving them, only to save others they didn't even know.

"......"
I didn't like things like that.
It makes me mad that those who tried hard were sacrificed.
Am I greedy to want an ending where everybody is safe and happy?
All I wanted was to see people relax peacefully, so why couldn't I manage such a simple thing?

'That's difficult. What you want is to save everyone.'

Kiritsugu answered so to the question I asked as a child.
Of course, as a child, I denied it.
Because Kiritsugu saved me. I knew he was a sorcerer who could do anything.
I knew he was a superhero who couldn't ignore people in need, who saved them for no benefit.
So, I believed Kiritsugu could have saved everyone back then.

When I told him that, he made a troubled expression and said something that I remember to this day.

'Shirou, saving one person means not saving another. Look, a superhero can only save the people he has saved. It's obvious, but that is the definition of a superhero.'

I understand that.
It's obvious, now that he's said it.
Let's say there's a robber and some hostages, and the robber intends to kill the hostages.
With normal methods, most of the hostages will be killed.

Even if you use a miraculous method to save all the hostages, there will still be one person who isn't saved.
That, of course, is the robber whose hostages were rescued.
The people a superhero saves are only those he decides to save.
That's why even God cannot save everyone.

"All the more so if it's a natural disaster. No one could have saved everyone."
The fire ten years ago was like that.
It's not something I, who was miraculously saved from it, can talk about now.

"But I don't want that."
I don't want such a thing.
I don't want help that has a limited capacity.
You have to help, no matter how impossible it is.
I can't stand to have strangers dying around me like back then.

So, if I had been there ten years ago, even if it was impossible, I would have gone into the fire and...
"I would certainly have died in vain."
That's for certain.
Geez, I'm hopeless.

"Gah, it's already five o'clock."
The five o'clock bell rings.
I stand up and quickly make my way to my work.

When my job's done, the sun has already set.
It's a bit before eight.
I finished ten minutes early because I worked too hard.
It seems I worked frantically since I went to that place before work.

Here in front of the station, the night's just getting started.
There are lots of people, and a constant flow of cars on the road.
The buildings are still lit up, and just looking at them makes me feel like I'm watching a grand festival of illumination.

"I guess I don't have to buy anything for Fuji-Nee."
I walk while looking up at the lighted building.
It's the biggest building in Shinto, so I can't see the top clearly.
I just gaze up the building, just enjoying the night's scenery...
"...?"
...When I think I see something out of place.

"What was that?"
I stop and stare at the rooftop.
I focus my eyes, looking at the thing as small as a grain of rice.

"...What the..."
It looks like someone I know.

Why is she there?
What would she be doing there?
With her long hair fluttering and doing nothing, she looks down at the town.

"......"
It doesn't seem like she notices me down here.
No, there's no way she could see me.
She's so high up that I, with better eyesight than most, can barely see her by improving my vision with magical energy.
I can recognize her since she's standing there alone, but there's no way she would notice me down here among all these people.

She's just looking down at the town.
Maybe she's looking for something, as I can feel her sharp stare even down here.
"......"
I forget about time and keep looking up at the girl standing in the sky.
She is on top of a tall tower.
She's like a witch, looking down at the earth with the moon behind her.

"Oh..."
And then.
She must be done with whatever she was doing, as she disappears.
Her figure has disappeared and the scene returns to the beautiful view of the night.
"That was Tohsaka, right?"

I have no proof, but I think I'm right.
There aren't many girls with looks that stand out that much, and more than that, I'm not stupid enough to mistake a girl I secretly admire.

"...I see. But still..."
Well, it's...
Tohsaka sure has strange hobbies.
Classes end and it's time to go home.
I can't go anywhere as I have work today.
I should leave school and go straight to the neighboring town, but...

1) I'm worried about Tohsaka
2) I'm worried about Sakura.
...I'm worried about Sakura.
I know it won't do any good to worry about her, but I should at least see if she's okay....

I walk through the fourth floor, where the first year students are located.
There's no one in the hallway and not many left in the classrooms either.
It seems they've already gone home or to their clubs.

"...Dammit, Sakura will be at her club too."
Well, I've come this far.
I'll go to her classroom, and when I've checked she's not there, I can head to work.

"Let's see..."
I look into classroom 1-B.
The red tinted classroom is quiet and there's no sign of life.

There's no one in the classroom.
All the students have gone to their respective destinations.

In that red classroom, a lone shadow remains.

"Sakura."
I enter the red world and call out to her.

"...Senpai?"
The face, covered by her long hair, looks even more lifeless than this morning.

"What is it? Do you have some business here?"
"No, I have nothing to do here. I was just worried about you. You seemed a bit sick this morning."

"......"
Sakura makes a gloomy face.
She's clearly not doing well.

"Sakura, if you don't feel well, you should go home. I can walk you to the intersection, so let's go together."

"...No, I'm fine. I don't feel bad.
I'm going to go to the club as usual and have dinner at your place after that.
I'm okay, so please don't worry."
She picks up her bag and starts to walk like she's running away.

"Idiot, what are you saying with a face like that? Come on, skip your club. After all, there's no point in doing archery in that state."
I grab Sakura's hand as she tries to pass me.

"...Oh."
A crash.
Sakura almost falls over just from being grabbed.
"Hey...!"
I quickly pull her hand back.
The body I'm dragging is surprisingly light.

"Y-You surprised me... Sakura, are you really all right?
You're not standing steadily at all."
"......"
Sakura looks away apologetically.
Geez, what's wrong with her today?

"Anyways, you're skipping the club today. I'll skip my work too, so let's go home."
"......"
Sakura is silent and does not answer.
She doesn't shake my hand off, but it also seems she won't go home obediently.

"What's going on, Sakura? You know it's pointless to go to the club like that."
"...You're right. But Nii-san wants me to, so I have to go,"
Sakura mutters.


...!
If she says so with a face like that, I can't respond.
It seems the circumstances at Sakura's house are complicated and they're not something I can meddle with.

...No matter how much I think she is part of my family, her real family is the Matous.
Whatever I say, they're just the words of an outsider.

"...You're only going to watch at the club?"
"Huh...? Oh yes. I know myself that I can't shoot right now."

"I see. So you're basically just preserving Shinji's authority."
I pull out a chair and sit on it.
I also pull another chair out from the desk next to it.

"Um... Senpai?"
"Just sit down. I won't try to stop you from going to the club, but rest for a while. You can tell Shinji I held you up and made you late."

"I-I can't say that...! If I do, Nii-san will, uh..."

"Shinji messes with me all the time.
It's nice that he has something to talk about every day.
And it's not a lie, so you shouldn't feel guilty saying it."
I urge Sakura to sit down.

"......"
Sakura sits down quietly.

"All right. Then, wait here for a while. I'm going to go and steal some tea from the student council room. You're forbidden from standing up until I come back."

"...Huh? But you might get into trouble..."

"Only if a teacher finds me. Hey, I'm used to this. There's no problem unless I run into a teacher in the hallway, so you can wait here."
"I-I can't. I can't wait here while you're doing something dangerous. Senpai, I don't care about the tea."

"I'm saying it's not dangerous. Just sit down. Drinking tea in the classroom is a good thing to try once."
"Oh..."

I jump out into the hallway.
The student council room isn't far away.
I'll get the tea set quickly and surprise Sakura.

...Time passes.
While we do something silly like drinking tea together in a classroom, we just stare outside.
Outside the window is a glowing sunset that hurts my eyes.

"......"
Sakura stares blankly at the sunset.
I have nothing to talk about, so I follow Sakura's example and keep my mouth shut.

Time passes slowly since we're not talking.
Sakura isn't the talkative type, and she often just stares at the scenery.
I guess she's more relaxed by herself.
Come to think of it, Sakura wants to be alone a lot.
It's not like she's excluding herself from the crowd, but she wants to isolate herself within the crowd. She looks outside the crowd more than in it.

That must be why she stayed here in the classroom.
Sakura doesn't actively try to spend time with others.
Fuji-Nee and I are special.
Even I wouldn't have known her if I hadn't met Shinji.

"......"
I sneak a glance at Sakura.
When Shinji introduced me to her 4 years ago, she was just a small girl.
Now she's my junior who comes to help around the house, and her childish image is disappearing.

Sakura has grown beautiful.
...No, she was beautiful before, but I think she's become too beautiful as a member of the opposite sex.
On top of that, she's thoughtful and gentle.
With that many good qualities, I can understand her being called beautiful alongside Tohsaka Rin.

"......"
But it's strange, I don't understand it.
Sakura is alone often.
She doesn't seem to have any friends in the archery club, and seeing how she's alone in this classroom, she might not have any friends in her class either.

...Come to think of it, I only know Sakura from the archery club and from my place.
I don't know how she is at school or at home.

"......"
While I think about this, looking up at the red sky...
"Senpai, do you remember?"
Looking outside, Sakura asks me a question.

"...? Remember what?"
"It was a long time ago, back before I met you..."
"Um, you mean before we knew each other...?"

"Yes. It was four years ago, right when I entered this school.
I wasn't used to the school, and I was walking about aimlessly when I saw something strange.

"...Yeah, I really wonder how it ended up like that.
Even though it was after school and the track team had left, someone was still running around alone. When I looked closer wondering what he was doing, I realized that he was doing high jumps by himself."

A smile.
It must be a lovely memory, as Sakura is smiling happily.

"It was a really red sunset. Everything was red and beautiful, but so lonely.
In it, he just continued to run alone. Running, jumping, dropping the pole, and repeating. There was no one around and he clearly couldn't jump over it, but he kept on trying.

"It wasn't something that could be done with effort. The pole was way over his head.
Even I could tell that it was impossible, so he must have known as well."

"...?"
I understand, but I wonder what she's talking about.
I don't think it's strange to see someone practicing even after school.

"I was a bad girl back then. Something bad had happened to me, and I just wanted to take it out on someone. I wanted to see this person fail, give up, and be discouraged, so I kept watching him.
But he wouldn't give up.
He repeated it over and over, even though it was impossible for him. Not complaining at all for all that time."

"...Wow. Maybe he was on the edge? Like the next day was the test, and he wouldn't get chosen unless he could jump that high?

"No, that wasn't it. He wasn't on the track team or anything."
Oh, I see.
...Well, that's fine... But why are you smiling, Sakura?

"And then, while I was watching him, I realized. He didn't care about what he was doing. He just happened to run into something he couldn't do, and he was obstinate about not losing.
The sun set, and he just cleaned up and went home. He must have been really tired, but he walked away calmly like nothing had happened."

"I don't get it. If he quit, that must mean he jumped over it, right? So how high was it?"

"Ahahaha, well, the thing is, he couldn't jump over it. He tried for 3 hours, but he was convinced at last that he couldn't jump over it."
"Man, that's some ending."

"He was so earnest that I even worried about him.
He's probably someone very dependable.
But that made me feel uneasy and lonely."
Her voice itself sounds so lonely, it seems like it will be swallowed by the red in this room.

"Okay, I understand the story... But what about it, Sakura?"
"No, it's okay if you don't understand. That just means that even though it looked that way to me, it was just an everyday thing for him."
Despite her gloomy mood earlier, Sakura smiles sweetly.

"......"
...And then, even though I'm pretty dull, I understand when she puts it like that.
I don't remember it myself, but four years ago was right after my father died.
Back then, I did lots of reckless things, so I guess I did something like that.

"...Uh, Sakura, so that was..."
"Yes, he is the senior before me now.
Back then, he was so small that I thought he was my age."
...Ugh.
I wish she wouldn't talk about my height back then.
Well, I'm not that tall even now, but I did grow, you know?

"That's it. I've known Senpai since then."
"I-I see. That's the first time I heard that."
I look away. She saw me during an embarrassing moment.

Then.
"Yes, we were both looking at the same thing."
With a gesture like a prayer, Sakura says something strange.

"Huh...?"
I ask, feeling worried.
But as if to drown it out, the familiar bell echoes through the school.

"Oh, the bell."
It's been thirty minutes since I stopped Sakura. The clock says four-thirty.
"I guess I held you up too long. I'll clean up, so you can go on ahead. You feel better, right?"

"Yes, I feel great thanks to you. Please look forward to dinner tonight."
Sakura gets up.
It doesn't seem like she's bluffing as she really seems well.

"Yeah... oh, sorry Sakura. I have to go to work now. I'll be late today, so you don't have to push yourself to come to my place."
"I understand. Then I'll just cook your dinner and leave."
Sakura bows and leaves.

"Oh well."
Fuji-Nee will be at my house, so she should be able to take Sakura home when she leaves.
I have to make a living too, so I should go to work quickly....
...My awakening is dark.
Perhaps I just don't dream much, but unless something really special happens, I always seem to have the same dream.

...What I imagine are swords.
I don't know why it is, but this is the only thing that comes into my mind.
There's no meaning or reason to it.
It may just be one of the aspects making up Emiya Shirou.

There are no dreams to dream.
The only things I recall from sleep are things I was taught a long time ago.
For example, about magi.
Even if I'm an amateur, if I'm a magus, it's only natural for me to understand the kind of world I live in.

To put it simply, a magus is an exception in conflict with modern society.
But even exceptions must band together to survive.
Father told me that the group of magi is called the "Magic Association".
...He also said that I shouldn't associate with them.

The group called the Magic Association hides magic and organizes magi.
They basically keep watch to see that magi do not affect society with magic, but the strange part is that they do not prohibit misuse of magic.

According to Kiritsugu, the Magic Association is only interested in the concealment of magic.
Even if a magus carries out his research at the expense of the lives of many ordinary people, the Magic Association will not punish him.
Their priority is that magic should not become public, so they do not ban magic.
So, they're crazy people who think you can do anything as long as you don't get caught.

Anyway, the surveillance of the Magic Association is thorough.
Most magical research would cost the lives of ordinary people, and as a result, the existence of magic would become public.
So, the Association does not allow research that would harm society.

So magi stay at home and research quietly, while the normal world carries on unmolested.
Hence, magi only try to hide themselves to escape the Association.
...So perhaps I just don't know it, and a magus lives in this town.

I hear Fuyuki City is a spiritually excellent area.
Such an area always has a distinguished magus with a history.
They are called the "Second Owner", an elite, and the Association entrusts the area to them.
Magi who would live in the area must visit them and obtain their permission to construct a workshop.

...Looking at it like that, we're thieves living here without the permission of the landlord.
Father was an outlaw who cut his ties with the Association and moved here without the consent of the administrator of Fuyuki.

The Owner doesn't know that Emiya Kiritsugu was a magus, and Kiritsugu didn't know who the Owner was.
With reasoning like that, I think our position is ambiguous.

Father, the real magus, has passed away.
And I, his son and pupil, don't know the Magic Association and have not the skill to be a magus.
...From the Association's point of view, they would want to catch an amateur like me doing things, but I've seen no movement yet.
No, I've heard that Japan is relatively hidden from the eyes of the Association, so I think I've just not been found out.

But that doesn't mean I can let my guard down.
People say that the eyes of the Association are everywhere. On top of that, if you commit a crime with magic, the heretic hunters of the church will come after you.
...That just means that whatever you use magic for, lack of care will create enemies.
I, Emiya Shirou, just have to study independently, taking that into account

"...Hm."
I wake up to see the sun shining in through the window.
The sun may have just risen as it's still a bit dark outside.
"...Hm. I'm really not good in the mornings."
I get up, trying not to be defeated by the morning chill, and quickly fold up my futon.

It's five thirty.
One of my strengths is waking up at this time, no matter how late I go to sleep. I do sometimes make mistakes and wake up late like yesterday, but I usually wake up early.
I think alarm clocks are degenerate, so I haven't used one since I was a kid.

"Alright, breakfast..."
Since I let Sakura do all the work yesterday, I have to return the favor this morning.
I should finish preparing before Sakura arrives.

I cook rice and make some miso soup.
It was radish and carrot yesterday, so I make onion and potato miso soup today.
I also make the usual broth egg and broth boil, and I'm done.
I cut and salt the saury, and stop just before cooking it.

"All right, that should do."
It's almost six o'clock.
I finished earlier than expected, so I have some extra time.
So, what should I do?

1) I'll do my daily routine at the dojo.
2) I'll make one more side dish since Sakura's coming.
I return to Miyama City.
Unlike Shinto, it's really quiet here as if it were midnight already.

"I wonder if Sakura's okay."
She seemed to be feeling better, but since she came to my place to make dinner, I think I've made her push herself again.

"I guess I'll go check on her."
It's not like I'll achieve anything by going to her house now, but it should make me feel better than doing nothing.

There's nothing wrong at her house.
There's no sign of the "strange foreigner" Sakura was talking about, and the lights are on only in Sakura and Shinji's rooms as usual.

"Huh?"
...Wait a minute.
Then what was that light yesterday? Was there someone other than Sakura and Shinji in the house?

"Excuse me. Do you need something?"
"...!?"
I spin around.
...In the darkness of the night, as if hiding in the sound of the bugs, a figure is standing.

He's an unfamiliar old man.
He must be really old, but he has sharp eyes and a presence that doesn't match his small body.
Perhaps it is the difference in the years we have lived, but he has a dignity that pressures me.

"What is wrong, young one, why don't you answer? If you don't answer, I shall jump to conclusions. Hmm, so, can I assume you're the stranger Sakura was talking about?"
Sakura...?
...Then, could this person be....

"Geez. Since it is my granddaughter's wish, I can't just let you go. I'm sorry, but I will have to hurt you a bit.
Just to be sure, you don't intend to hand yourself over to the police graciously?"

The unknown old man asks me such a question.
T-There's no mistake.
This is the first time I've met him, but he must be...

"Ah... no, you've got it wrong...! My name is Emiya Shirou. I'm in the same class as Shinji, and I'm an acquaintance of Sakura, and I just came to see how they were doing...!"

"Oh. I see, you're their friend. Then I'm sorry for stopping you. Well, I can go and get them. Or would you like to have dinner with us?"

"N-No, I was just stopping by, so I'll be going. By the way, is Sakura home already?"
"Zouken."
The old man says an unfamiliar word.

"Huh?"
"Matou Zouken. It is wrong for me to not name myself when you have done so."
Matou Zouken says so and walks toward the entrance.
It seems like he doesn't care about me any more.
"......"
Overwhelmed, I see him off without a word.

...And then.
"Sakura is home.
More importantly, Emiya Shirou. Is the daughter of the Einzberns doing well?"

"...Huh? Ein-what?"
"Do not play dumb. It is natural for the daughter of the Einzberns to go and see Emiya. I am asking you how well it is this time around."
"...???"
Um, I don't understand at all.
...I'm sorry Sakura, but your old man is pretty hard to deal with.

"......Hm, it seems you really don't know."
Zouken sighs.
He looks so shocked that I feel kind of sorry for him.

"...Well, I don't really understand, but I'm sorry."
"No, no, it's nothing you should feel bad about. It was a mistake on my part. I'm sorry to bore you with such things.
Here, if you want to see my grandchildren, do not hesitate. The old man will go away, so please do not reserve yourself."

"Um, no, I really just stopped by today. ...But, um... do you live here?"
"I do. But as you can see, I am old. So I just lie in the rear tatami room all the time."

"......"
...I see.
I came to their house until about a year ago, but it seemed then that no one other than Sakura and Shinji lived there.

"Then excuse me, Emiya Shirou. Please stay friends with my grandchildren."
Despite his appearance, he leaves with light footsteps.
There is no change in the house.
But the sound of the bugs has suddenly stopped.

...The day ends.
Finishing a rowdy dinner and seeing Fuji-Nee off, I take a bath.
After that, I practice my daily routine in the shed.
I complete it as usual and go to sleep.
It is one in the morning.
The day ends peacefully with no troubles.
"Good morning, Senpai. Have you finished preparing breakfast already?"
"Yeah, breakfast is done. All that's left is setting up the table and cooking the fish."
"Oh, I'll help then. I'll prepare the dishes."

Sakura is cheerful.
And behind that admirable junior...
"Oh, this is the smell of Shirou's omelet. I see, you're making breakfast this morning."
Fuji-Nee moves slowly to the table.

"...Well, that aside..."
First, I have to cook the fish I've prepared.
"Sakura, can you use the dishes in the middle? That will make it look better."
"Huh.....? Um, this one with bumps?"

"Yeah, that. You have to think about the plates too or you'll be too one-sided. Oh, and the radish is already grated."
Sakura takes out a dish from the back.

I think I saw a faint bruise on her wrist when she leaned forward.

"Hold on, Sakura."
"Yes, what is it Senpai?"
"What's that mark on your wrist?"
"Oh..."
She looks away awkwardly.
And that tells me who caused that bruise.

"Shinji again, huh? What does he think he's doing, beating on his sister...!?"
"T-That's not it, Senpai...! Um, well... I fell and hurt myself. I'm a bit slow, you know?
So I fall and get hurt a lot."
"Don't be stupid. How can you get a bruise like that from falling over? It seems Shinji isn't tired of getting beat up yet...!"

"N-No, Senpai...! This doesn't have anything to do with Nii-san. I really did this myself, so you can't get mad."

Sakura falls silent.
...Sakura looks calm, but she is pretty obstinate. It's useless to say anything to her now.

"...All right. If you say so, I'll leave it at that. But if I see it again, I won't be able to hold back."
"...Yes. I'm sorry, Senpai."
"Why are you apologizing? It's Shinji's fault."
"......"
At the mention of Shinji's name, Sakura looks away awkwardly.

In other words, he is the cause of that bruise.
Matou Shinji has a bad habit of being hard on his sister, Sakura.
I first noticed it about a year ago.
Sakura was injured sometimes, and she just evaded my question when I asked about it.
When I asked Shinji about it, of all things, he said he was the one who hit Sakura.

When I asked him why he hit her, he said that he just hit her because he felt like it.
After that, I got pissed and did to Shinji what he did to Sakura.
Since then, we've been estranged.
I still don't regret punching him.
But I think it's my fault that Sakura is being treated worse.

"...Senpai, did you... um, work things out with Nii-san?"
"Huh? Yeah, I did. We didn't have a fight or anything, so it's not like there was anything to work out."
"...Uh, it might be like that for you, but Nii-san thinks you guys got in a fight. So... well, please be careful."

"Hm?"
Sakura says strange things sometimes.
"Be careful... you mean, of Shinji?"
"...Yes. I think Nii-san thinks of you as an enemy... um, and he thinks that you quit the club because of him...."

"That's not true. Me quitting the club had nothing to do with Shinji. Well, maybe a bit, but it's still not something you should worry about. Like Shinji says, this is certainly indecent."
I point at my right shoulder.
There's a scar there.

It happened a year and a half ago.
A shipment collapsed on me during work and I hurt my right shoulder. I got out with just a broken bone, but the shipment was a hazardous one and I got a burn on my skin.

After that accident, I quit the archery club.
My school archery club emphasizes formalities as they let us shoot formally even as students.
The men expose their right shoulder when they shoot.
Shinji commented that it might be indecent for someone shooting formally to have a scar on their shoulder. Since I was getting busy with work, I quit the archery club right then.

"Um, Senpai? I might be persistent, but are you really not shooting anymore? Fujimura-Sensei said your injury shouldn't be a problem."
"What are you saying!? Fuji-Nee wouldn't think it's a problem even if I broke every bone in my body."

"Senpai, I'm being serious."
Sakura glances up at me, like she wants to say something.
"...Hmm."
I should answer seriously too, but I can't give her the answer she wants.

"I don't have time to do club activities for now. I like archery, but it's not something I prioritize, so I'm taking some time off from it."
"...How long is 'some time'?"
"I guess until I feel like it. Well, I'll try to make it back before you graduate. Welcome me then, Sakura."
I pat Sakura's shoulder.

Sakura stares blankly for a while, and then...
"Oh, yes...! I'll be waiting, Senpai!"
And she nods so powerfully that it seems she might drop the plates she's holding.
Classes end and it's time to go home.
I cannot go anywhere as I have work today.
I should leave school and go straight to the neighboring town, but...


She moves faster than I can think.
The knightly girl leaps out of the shed without hesitation.

"...!"
I get up and follow the girl, even forgetting the pain in my body.
There's no way that girl will be a match for him.
Even armored like that, she is a girl smaller than me.

"Sto!"
My words are silenced by the sound.
"Wha...?"
I can't believe my eyes.
This time, my head really goes blank.

"What is she?"
The sound of weapons.
The moon is hidden behind the clouds and the yard has returned to its original darkness.
In it, sparks are born from steel hitting steel.

The lance-wielding man wordlessly attacks the girl who jumped out of the shed.
But the girl parries the blow of the lance and knocks away all following attacks, driving the man back with every blow.

"......"
I... can't believe it.
The girl called Saber is overpowering that man.

The battle has begun.
What happened between me and him earlier wasn't a battle.
A battle is a fight between two people who can kill each other.
Whatever the difference in skills, if each has a way to kill the other, then you can call it a battle.

Their fight is a battle in that sense too.
The man's lance that I couldn't even see is thrown with even more power.
But...
The girl parries it with the "thing" in her hands and closes in on the man.

"Damn...!"
The man retreats a bit.
He holds his lance vertically to protect his ribs as the girl goes for them.

"Guh...!"
For a moment, the man's lance glows.
It was a blow like an explosion, and I guess it really was one.
The instant the man blocks the "thing" the girl's holding, the lance in his hand glows as if electrified.
The man, and even I, can tell what that is.

That is a force of magical energy so strong that it's visible.
In each of the girl's blows is a terrible amount of magical energy.
That outrageous amount of magical energy is penetrating the opponent's weapon just by touching it.

Such a thing... it must take such force just to block it.
If you think of the man's lance as an accurate sniper rifle, the blows of the girl are like those of a powerful shotgun.
Every time the girl swings, the yard is filled with light.

But...
That isn't what's overpowering the man.

"Coward, what are you doing, hiding your weapon...!"
The man complains while avoiding the girl's fierce attacks.
"......"
The girl doesn't answer, but only attacks even more with the "thing" in her hands...!

"You...!"
The man retreats with not even a chance for a counterattack.
That's only natural.
Because the girl's weapon is invisible.
As he cannot sense her range, it would be careless to attack recklessly.

Yes, it is invisible.
The girl definitely has "something" in her hand.
But as you can't see what shape it is nor how long it is, you can't tell anything about it.
Perhaps it's totally invisible, as it does not show up even when sparks fly off from it.

"Damn."
The man must be having a hard time defending against it, as his moves aren't as sharp.


And the girl lets out a voice for the first time.
She swings her "weapon" with more fury.
A storm of swings without pause!
The flying sparks remind me of a blacksmith hitting iron.

The lance-wielding man blocks them, clucking his tongue.
I must say, I admire his skills even though he tried to kill me.
The man is blocking invisible blows, watching only the opponent's legs and arms!

"Fuh...!"
But that's it.
You only need to beat down someone who's gone defensive.
As if to say so, the girl steps even closer to the man and...
Delivers a blow with all her might, as if smashing him down...!

"Don't underestimate me, fool...!"
He must see this as his opportunity as the man disappears.
No, he jumped back, making it look like he disappeared.
The girl's blow cuts through air and destroys the ground, kicking up dust.
The blow, swung as a final one, was easily dodged!

"Idiot, what is she doing...!?"
I can tell even from a distance.
I don't know about the careful blows from before, but such a big blow won't be able to touch that man.

Even that man's body must have been straining under all those attacks.
But he suppressed it for an instant, and jumped away.
As if this blow will determine the victor...!

"Ha...!"
The man who jumped back several meters jumps as soon as he lands.
As if reversing his retreat, he jumps at the girl.
In contrast, the girl still has her sword in the ground.

"...!"
That opening is irrevocable.
The red lance returns in less than a second, and...
The girl twirls her body with the sword still in the ground.

"...!"
So the contest lasts less than a second.
The man sees his mistake and tries to hold back, while the girl uses her whole body to execute her blow!

"Guh...!!"
"......"
The man blown away and the girl who blew him away both seem discontent.
It's only natural.
They each launched their blows to kill the other.
Even if they allowed them to escape immediate danger, they were worthless.

Their distance opens.
The two stare at each other silently.

"What is wrong, Lancer?
It would not do your name credit if you just stand there. If you will not come, I can."

"...Hah, you're going to come and die? I don't mind, but let me ask you this first.
Your Noble Phantasm, is it a sword?"
The man glares, as if staring right into her heart.

"Who knows?
It might be a battle axe or it might be a spear. It might even be a bow, Lancer."
"Heh, keep talking, Saber."
Perhaps it's really funny for him.
The man... the one called Lancer lowers his lance.
It looks like he's indicating that he doesn't want to fight anymore.
"...?"
The girl is puzzled by Lancer's action.
But I know that stance.
It was used in that fight a few hours ago in the schoolyard.
It's the fatal move that was supposed to have ended the show.

"...I'll ask just in case since this is our first meeting. Do you want to call it even?"


"It's not a bad deal, right? See, that senile Master over there is useless, and it so happens my Master is a coward.
I think it's in both our interests to hold off on this match until we're better prepared."

"I refuse. You will fall here, Lancer."

"I see. Geez, all I wanted to do was check things out, you know? I didn't want to stay long once a Servant came out."
It seems like the air around them distorted.

Lancer lowers his stance.
A chill runs through the air at that moment.
It's exactly like back then. The magical energy rumbles in a whirlpool, centered on that lance.

"Noble Phantasm...!"
The girl readies her apparent sword and glares at the enemy in front of her.
The girl, facing the enemy, knows better than I how dangerous he is.

"...See ya. I'll take that heart of yours!"
The beast jumps.
Lancer instantly appears in front of the girl, as if he teleported, and...
Thrusts his lance at the girl's feet.


It was a bad move, even to my eyes.
With the lance already lowered, it wouldn't be effective to aim low at the girl.
To prove my point, the girl jumps over the lance and moves forward to slash Lancer away.
At that moment.

"Gae..."
With words themselves charged with magical energy...
"Bolg...!"
The lance thrust at the girl's feet rushes towards her heart.

"...!?"
Her body rises into the air.
The girl is driven up into the air by the blow of the lance, and she crashes down... no, lands on the ground.

"Ha, kuh...!"
...She's bleeding.
The girl, who hasn't even received a scratch so far, is bleeding badly from her chest.

"A curse... no, a reversal of causality...!"
She speaks in pain.
...I'm surprised too.
No, since I saw it from a distance, I can tell better than her that the attack just now was a strange one.

The lance was definitely aimed at her feet.
But it suddenly changed its course, moving strangely in an impossible direction, and pierced the girl's heart.
But the lance itself has not grown or bent.
It looked so natural that it makes one think that the lance was already in her heart... and for that reason, it's strange.

It's not as simple as the lance changing its course and piercing her heart.
The lance did not change its course, but changed the means so that the result would be so.

...The lance thrust with that name carried the "result" of "piercing her heart" as a premise.
In other words, the process and the result were reversed.
As long as there was the result of the lance piercing her heart, the course of the lance was merely something added later to prove that fact.

An evil thorn that breaks through all defenses.
A lance that pierces the heart every time it's used, a weapon that determines your fate just by its use.
How can anyone block such a ridiculous attack?
However the enemy tries to dodge it, the lance will pierce their heart without fail.
That's why this move is fatal.
A cursed lance that always pierces the opponent with one thrust.

But...
The girl has evaded it by a small margin.
She is wounded, but it was not a fatal blow.
In a sense, her actions were more impossible than the lance.
The instant the lance was thrust, she turned and jumped back with all her might, as if she knew this was going to happen.

Either she had incredible luck or enough divine protection to nullify the curse of the lance.
Either way, she avoided a fatal blow and sullied the lance's name.

"Haa, haa"
The girl catches her breath.
The blood that was running so much has stopped, and even her stabbed wound is healing.

"......"
I guess that's extraordinary.
I knew she wasn't normal, but still, that's too strange.

Like her skills to fight against Lancer, like the incredible magical energy in each of her blows, and like her body that heals by itself... this girl clearly surpasses Lancer.

...But that was only up to now.
Even if it's healing, her wound is deep.
If Lancer attacks her now, she'll be defeated without even being able to defend herself.

But.
With this overwhelming advantage, Lancer doesn't move.
He glares at the girl, grinding his teeth so hard that I can hear it.

"You evaded it, Saber. My fatal Gae Bolg."
A voice that seems to echo from the ground.

"...!? Gae Bolg... you are Ireland's man of light!"
Lancer frowns.
His hostility disappears and he clucks his tongue in annoyance.

"...I screwed up. If I'm going to use this move, it needs to be fatal. Geez, I guess being too famous is bad too...."
The pressure goes away.
Lancer doesn't even attack the wounded girl and simply turns his back and moves to the edge of the yard.

"It is the rule of Servants to fight to the death if your identity is discovered... but unfortunately, my Master is a coward. He's telling me to go back since you have evaded my lance."
"You are running away, Lancer?"

"Yeah. I don't mind if you come after me, Saber.
Just be prepared to die when you do."
With one bound.
Lancer easily jumps over the wall and disappears.

"Wait, Lancer...!"
The wounded girl starts running to pursue the enemy.

"I-Is she stupid......!?"
I run through the yard with all my strength.
I think that the girl will go after him if I don't stop her instantly.
...But there was no need for that.
When the girl tries to jump over the wall, she clenches her chest and stops.

"Kuh...."
I run to her and stare at her.
No, I tried to approach her to call out to her, but I forget about it the instant I come near her.


...To put it simply, everything about her is absurd.
Now that I'm near her, I can tell that the shining armor she wears is really heavy.
The old-fashioned cloth is smooth, a vivid blue.

...No, that isn't what fascinates me.
The girl, who seems to be a few years younger than me, is beautiful.
The golden hair lit by the moonlight is finely textured, as if sprinkled with gold dust.
The face, with some sign of naivety, has elegance, and her white skin looks soft.


I can't call out to her because I am fascinated by her beauty, and also for another reason.

"...Why."
Because seeing the girl fighting and getting hurt somehow made me mad.
No matter how strong she is or how armored she is, I think it's wrong for a girl to have to fight.

All the while I'm fascinated with her, the girl has her hand on her chest.
But that ends quickly.
The girl lets her chest go and looks up as if the pain has gone away.
She stares directly at me.
I'm not sure how I should talk to her, but I notice something about her.

"...The wound is... gone...?"
Even though it missed her heart, that lance stabbed her in the chest. But she's unscathed.
...I've heard of healing magics, but I didn't see her using anything like that.
So that must mean she automatically heals even when she is wounded.

"...!!"
Then my brain switches gear.
This is no time to be fascinated by her. She is a strange being. I can't let my guard down until I know what she is.

"Who... are you?"
I take half a step back and ask her.

"...? What do you mean? I am the Servant Saber.
...You summoned me, so I do not think you should need to confirm it."
The girl answers in a quiet voice.

"The Servant Saber...?"
"Yes, so please call me Saber."
She replies without hesitation.
Her tone is polite yet gentle, and just hearing it makes my head go blank...
"...!!"
...Hey, what am I getting excited about...!?

"I-I see. That's a strange name."
I hide my burning face with my hand and reply really stupidly. I don't know what else to say.
I wouldn't know of any such thing to say. Since I asked her name, isn't it natural for her to introduce herself? In that case, it would be impolite to stay silent like this.

"...I'm Shirou. My name is Emiya Shirou, and I live in this house."
What am I doing?
Are my answers getting stupider?
But she told me her name, so I should answer too.
I know I'm confused right now, but I have to be polite no matter who this is.

"......"
The girl... Saber just stares at me without changing her expression.

"No, wait. I take that back. That's not what I meant to ask you. Actually..."
"I know. You are not a formal Master, correct?"
"Huh...?"
"But you are still my Master. As long as we have made a contract, I will not betray you. There is no need for you to be so cautious."

"Uh...?"
Crap.
I can hear her words, but they make no sense to me.
All I know is that she's calling me with a ridiculous word like "Master".

"That's wrong. My name isn't 'Master'."
"Then I shall call you Shirou. Yes, I like the sound of that better."

"...!"
As soon as she says my name, I think my face lit up on fire.
Shouldn't you call someone by their last name on a first meeting...!?

"Wait a minute. Why are you calling me
Ow...!"
Pain suddenly runs through my left hand.

"I-It's burning......!"
The back of my hand is burning.
My hand feels like it's in a fire, and on it is a strange mark that looks like a tattoo.

"What the..."
"That is called a Command Spell, Shirou.
It is the three claims on a Servant's obedience, and the life of a Master. Please do not use it thoughtlessly."

"W-Who..."
Before I can finish with "are you?", the air around her changes.

"Shirou, heal my wounds."
She speaks in a cold voice.
It seems her attention is on something far away, behind the wall, and not on me.
But is she expecting me to heal her...?

"Wait, you're asking me? I'm sorry, but I don't know any such difficult magic. Besides, it's already healed."
Saber frowns a bit.
...I think I said something really wrong there.

"...Then I shall face them as I am now. The regeneration only healed the outside, but one more fight should not be a problem."
"...? One more what...?"

"There are two enemies outside. Judging by their presence, it should only take a few seconds to defeat them."
Saying so, Saber jumps lightly.
Just like Lancer, she leaps over the wall and disappears outside.
I'm left alone in the yard.

"...Enemies outside?"
As soon as I say it aloud, I realize what it means.
"Hold on, are you going to fight again...!?"
My body starts to move.
Without thinking, I run to the gate with full force.

"Haa, haa, haa...!"
I run to the gate, unlock it with trembling hands, and jump outside.

"Saber, where are you...!?"
I search through the dark.
The moon is hidden, now of all times, and it is completely dark.
But...

I hear something nearby.
"There...!?"
I run to the small road with no sign of anyone on it.

It all happens in an instant.
Saber is confronting a familiar guy in red.
Saber runs at the man in red without takes his guard down with one blow, and...
I leave Sakura, who has club activities, and head to the school building.
The schoolyard is full of spirited students running around.

"......"
But still, there's something oddly wrong here.
The school is like it always is.
The students at morning practice are lively, and the new school building is spotless.

"...Maybe it's just my imagination."
But when I close my eyes, the air completely changes.
The school building is covered with stains like membranes, and the students running around the schoolyard seem like empty dolls.

"...Maybe I'm just tired."
I shake my head to clear it.
I head to the lifeless building.

School ends early on Saturdays.
Classes end before noon, and after I finish helping Issei afterwards, the sun is starting to set.
"Well, let's head home."
I pack up and leave my classroom.

And then.
"Oh, you're still here, Emiya?"
I bump into Shinji.
There are a couple of girls behind him, being rowdy.

"You were still here even though you had nothing to do? Oh yeah, you were sticking up for the student council again, right? I envy you. You can get good reports from the school without doing any club activities."
"I'm not helping the student council. It's only natural for a student to fix the school equipment, right? After all, we're the ones using them."

"Heh, keep talking like that. For you, everything is natural. Didn't I tell you that I hate how you act like a good kid?"
"Hm? ...Sorry, I don't remember that. I thought that was just the sort of thing you say, so I didn't really notice it."

"...!!
Heh, fine. Then you're going to fix everything at this school?"
"Fixing everything would be impossible. The most I can do is take care of things."

"All right, then do me a favor. Our archery club is in kind of a mess right now.[l]
It's a bit disordered, and some of the bows need strings attached.
If you have time, can you do that too? You used to be a member. Don't just stick to the student council, and you should be useful to us sometimes as well."

"What? Senpai, didn't Fujimura-Sensei tell you to do that?"
"That's right. You'll be scolded tomorrow if you don't do it properly."
"But the shop will close if I start cleaning now. It's fine if he does it, right?"
"I don't know. Besides, an outsider wouldn't know how."
"Are you sure? Shinji said he used to be in the archery club, so we can let him do it."

They're getting rowdy behind Shinji.
It seems they're in the archery club, but they must be members that Shinji recruited recently as I don't know them.

"I'll leave it to you, then. The key's in the usual place, so go ahead. You don't mind, right Emiya?"
"No. I have some free time, so this isn't a bad thing to do once in a while."
"Haha, thanks! Let's go, everyone. He says he'll do the boring chores for us!"

"Oh, wait Senpai! Oh yes, please take care of the cleaning, Senpai."

The cleaning ends quite easily as I know the place well.
It took a while as it is quite big, but it was fun cleaning the place I used until a year and a half ago.

I picked up a bow thinking it might be okay to shoot just once, but since it wasn't mine, I decided not to.
If I ever want to, I can just bring my own bow and come here.

"...But there are so many more carbon bows now. There was only one when I was in my first year."

Carbon-based bows are good, unlike wood and plastic bows.
But the biggest problem is the price, and they're not something we could buy with the club budget.
Back then, Shinji was the only one using it... are the new members rich too?

"...What a waste. You can modify a wooden bow a lot more."

Well, I guess that's personal taste right there.
When I look at the clock, it's way past curfew.
It's a little after seven o'clock. The gates should be closed by now, so there's no reason to rush now.

...But still.
Was this dojo always this dirty? There are loads of places that look unkept.

"...Well, another hour or two won't matter now that I've done this much."
I've started this, so I'll finish the job.

The wind is blowing.
It's so cold that my cheeks are getting numb.
...Fuyuki City isn't usually cold during the winter, but it is cold tonight of all nights.


My breath hangs around as a white cloud.
I wrap up my body to hold off the cold.

"No wonder it's dark... the moon's behind the clouds."
There's no light in the sky when I look up.
Because of the strong winds, the clouds are moving fast.
It's past curfew and there's no sign of life in the empty school.

It seems this place is filled only with chill, as it's all silent.
"...?"
Just now...
I think I hear something.

"I do hear something. Is it coming from the school grounds...?"
This night.
I must have been curious about the sound that broke the silence.
To investigate it, I find myself heading there even though I somehow know that I mustn't.

I go to the schoolyard.
"...People?"
Well, they only look like that from a distance.
It's a dark night with no light.
If I want to know more, I'll have to go closer to the schoolyard.

I can hear the sounds louder now. It's the sound of metal hitting metal. That must mean someone is fighting with weapons there.

"...That's stupid. What the hell am I thinking...?"
I dismiss the image from my mind with a bitter smile and walk on.

At that time.
Maybe my instincts noticed the danger, as I hid myself as I approached. I don't know if this is fortunate or not.
But anyways, when I get by a tree that is big enough to hide myself, I take a closer look at the source of the sound
My mind stops completely.

"What the..."
There's something strange there.
A man in red and a man in blue.
They are dangerously armed, and as their ominous appearance suggests, they are actually slashing at each other.

I can't understand.
I can't follow them with my eyes.
My brain does not work properly, faced with their impossible movements.
But the clang of their weapons tells me they are trying to kill each other.


I just knew immediately when I saw them...
They are not human. They are probably just things that look like humans.
I can tell not because I'm learning magic.
Anyone would realize they're not human.
After all, humans can't move like that.
So they are something no one should associate with.

I can feel their murderous intent even from a distance.
...I'm going to die.
My body understands faster than my brain that I will definitely die if I stay here.
That's why my heart is racing so fast.
As a living thing like them, I sense that they're living things made only to kill.

...They're using weapons made only to kill.
I remember the murder yesterday.
They said the family was killed with some weapon like a sword.
"...!"
I shouldn't watch any longer.
But my body won't follow my commands and I can't even breathe.
My mind wants to run away, but my judgment tells me I'll be seen the moment I run away.
...More than the conflict within me, my body is just numb.
Even though I'm a good forty meters away, I can't breathe properly, and it's like I have a spear pointed right at my back.

The sounds stop.
The figures separate and stand facing each other.
The moment I feel relief at the end of their battle, I sense an even stronger intention to kill.

"......!!"
My heart stops.
The numbness in my body becomes convulsions, and I clench my teeth to try to hold my trembling body.

"What the hell is he!?"
An overwhelming amount of magical energy is flowing into the guy in blue.
Kiritsugu showed me once what it's like to draw in magical energy from the surroundings.
It was a beautiful magic that impressed even an amateur like me.

But that thing is different.
Just as even the simple task of drinking water could seem ugly if it goes too far, what he is doing is so excessive that anyone with knowledge of magical energy would hate it.


He's going to die.
The guy in red is going to die.
It's a blow with that much concentrated magical energy. There's no way he'll be able to survive it.

He'll die.
He's not human, so something merely like a human will die.
That is...

That's...

That's... something I can just ignore?

That doubt takes my mind off of them.
The binds on my body disappear, and the instant I take a deep breath...
"Who's there!?"
The guy in blue stares at me, who's hiding.

"...!!"
The blue guy's body sinks.
Just that motion tells me that I'm his target now.

"Ahhh...!"
My legs start running automatically.
I finally realize that it is an action to escape death, and I put all the energy in my body into running away.

I don't know how fast I run, but before I know it, I'm in the school building.

"How stupid of me."
I regret my actions, panting heavily.
I should have run into town to get away.
What am I doing, fleeing to such a deserted place?

And a school, of all things. Isn't there some better place to hide than here?
Anyways, why do I think I'll be killed if I don't escape?

"HaaHaa, haa..."
My heart aches from running so much.
Turning around, I can sense nothing pursuing me.
The only sound in the air is the sound of my footsteps.

"Ah... haa, haa."
So, I can finally rest.
I stop my feet, unable to take another step, send oxygen to my pumping heart, and look up to finally realize that I am safe.

"...Man... what was that...?"
I recall the scene from earlier while catching my breath.
Anyway, I'm sure that it wasn't something I should have seen.

Some things like humans were fighting in the school grounds.
That's all I can remember.
But there was something else I saw, out of the corner of my eye.
"...Wasn't there someone else too...?"
But I can't remember what that figure looked like.
To be honest, I didn't have the composure to notice anything other than those two fighting.

"Well, anyways..."
"The chase is over, right?"
The voice comes from right in front of me.

"Yo. You ran pretty far."
He speaks in a friendly tone.

"......"
I can't breathe.
My brain stops, and even though I cannot think...
...I vaguely understand that I am going to die.

"You know better than anyone that you can't escape, right? People who get killed are usually like that. It's nothing to be embarrassed about. You don't have to feel ashamed."
The lance is casually raised.

"You were just unlucky, kid. Well, you saw us, so die."
And the man's lance mercilessly pierces Emiya Shirou's heart.

There wasn't even time to dodge it.
All the training I did was for nothing.
I knew I was going to be killed.
I knew I was going to be pierced by that lance, yet I could not move at all.

"Aa... ah."
The world distorts.
My body grows cold.
Feeling vanishes from my fingertips.
"Gah..."
I cough up blood, once.

More blood should have come up, but it only happens once.
Perhaps the man's lance is special.
The blood slowly clots and the heart that should have exploded stops working with just a single pierce.


I can't see well.
There's no feeling in me.
I feel like a jellyfish floating in the dark sea at night.
I don't feel any pain already.
The world is white, and only I am black.
So, rather than feeling like I'm dead, it's more like the world around me has disappeared.

I know this.
I felt this ten years ago.
This is how someone feels when dying.

"Dead men tell no tales. It's only natural for the weak to die, but..."
I cannot concentrate on my vision.

"Man, you really make me do unpleasant jobs. It's a joke that a hero is acting like this."
I can only hear voices.

"I know, I have no complaints. I saw the girl's Servant, so I'll go back."
A voice filled with irritation.
And after that, I hear footsteps running through the hallway.

"Archer, huh? I want to finish the match with him, but I have to follow my Master's plan. ...Geez, I don't like him."
The voice suddenly disappears.
I guess he jumped out of a window or something.
And after that...

Footsteps approach me and stop.
In that brief period.
...More footsteps.
I can't... hear... much... now...

"...Follow him, Archer. Lancer will probably go back to his Master. This won't be worth it unless we at least find out what his Master looks like."

...Whose voice was that?
I concentrate my fading mind, but I can't remember anything.
Right now, my breathing is too noisy.
My lungs must still be alive.
The air coming out of my mouth is as loud as a hurricane.

"...But it's amazing he isn't dead yet."

I sense someone looking at my face.
Perhaps my breathing was loud as the figure tries to close my mouth and...

"...Stop it. Why does it have to be you?"
I hear the person grit their teeth, then they touch me without hesitation.

"...Reforge the damaged organ and use it as a substitute, and restore the heart in the process, huh? If I succeed, I'll be accepted to the Clock Tower instantly...."
A pain-filled voice.
With that, my mind stops fading.


Feeling returns to my body.
Slowly, bit by bit, like a drop of water going down a leaf, feeling returns to my body.


What is the person doing?
The person is sweating and places their hand on my chest with all their heart.


When I notice, the place where the person placed their hand is terribly hot.
It must be so hot that the frozen blood melted and started to flow again.

"Phew."
I sense someone take a deep breath and sit down.
"I'm tired..."
I hear a clang of something falling.
"...Well, I guess it can't be helped. Forgive me, Father. Your daughter is terribly heartless."

And that's it.
The person speaks to mock themself, and leaves.


My heart resumes its activity.
And then, my mind stops.
...This is not the sleep of death.
This is a restful sleep, to recover the energy to wake up again.
We walk through the nighttime town.
It's past one in the morning and there's no one out at this time.
The lights in the houses are out, and only the streetlamps illuminate the silent town.

"Hey Tohsaka, are you planning to walk to the neighboring town?"
"Yeah. The buses and trains have stopped running. A walk at night is good once in a while, right?"
"I see, then if I may ask, do you know how long it takes to get there?"
"Well, it should take about an hour walking. If it gets late, we can always take a taxi."

"I won't waste that kind of money. And besides, what I mean is, it might be dangerous for girls to walk around at a time like this. You know it's dangerous, right? I won't be responsible if something happens."
"Don't worry, nobody's going to mess with us. You may be forgetting, but Saber is really strong."

"Oh."
She's right.
Whoever it is, if someone attacks her, they will be counterattacked viciously.

"Rin. What was Shirou saying? I did not quite understand."
"Huh? Well, he was just making a big misunderstanding or being plain stupid. He's saying he'll help us if some pervert appears."

"What? Shirou is my Master. I should be protecting him instead."
"I don't think he's thinking about that sort of thing. He seems unconcerned about magi and Servants and all. I kind of wonder what's going on in his head."
"......"

Tohsaka and Saber now know each other well enough to talk to each other.
Saber has been silent ever since I stopped her from going out dressed like she was.

She said she wouldn't take off her armor, so I made her wear a raincoat, and she's been quiet ever since.
Now, she follows me and only speaks to Tohsaka.

"Wait, where are you going, Emiya-kun? Isn't that the wrong way?"
"We need to get to the bridge, right? Then this will be a shortcut."
I don't want to walk alongside them, so I quickly make my way to the small side-road.
They follow me without objection.

We come out into a park.
We have to cross that bridge to go to the neighboring town of Shinto, but

"Wow, I didn't know about this road. I see, since you can get to the bridge from the park, all you have to do is head for the park."
Tohsaka looks up at the bridge, talking happily.

Maybe it's just because it's nighttime.
Tohsaka's face, looking up at the bridge, seems even more beautiful than at school... I'm troubled.

"Let's go. We didn't come here to play around."
I hurry Tohsaka, who is standing still in the park, and make my way up the stairs.
Once we reach the road alongside the bridge, Shinto will be straight ahead of us.

There's no one on the bridge.
That's only natural as not many people use it even during daytime.
It's more normal to use the bus or the train to get to the neighboring town, so this bridge is rarely used.

That's because it's so long and it carries a fear that it might collapse on you.
That must be why this place isn't used for dates, even though it's perfect location-wise.

"...That's stupid. What am I thinking?"
Saber is following me silently and Tohsaka is walking right beside me.
Trying to ignore them, I hurry across the bridge.

Beyond the bridge, Tohsaka leads us into the suburbs.
When I think about Shinto, only the office buildings in front of the station come to mind, but there are streets from older times once you get away from the station.

The suburbs are the most extreme of those.
There are hilly roads and a high ground overlooking the sea.
As you go farther up the hill, there are fewer buildings and the foreigners' cemetery built on the slope of the hill can be seen.

"The church is up here. You must have been there at least once, right?"
"No. I know it used to be an orphanage though."
"I see. Then it'll be your first time today. You should prepare yourself. The priest there is a difficult man to deal with."

Tohsaka starts up the hill.
...Looking up, I can see a building at the top of the hill.
A church atop the hill.
I never thought I'd visit God's house for the first time for a reason like this.

"Wowthis is really awesome."
The church is magnificent.
The whole top of the hill must be the church's land as a flat field welcomes me as soon as I reach the top.
The church isn't that big, but it is compelling, towering over its visitors.

"Shirou, I will remain here."
"Huh? Why? I can't just leave you when we've come up here together."

"I did not come for the church. I followed to protect you. If your destination is the church, you should not go any farther, so I shall wait here for your return."
Saber says clearly.
It doesn't seem like she'll budge an inch, so I decide to respect her decision.

"All right. Then I'll be going."
"Yes. Please do not let your guard down whomever you are facing, Master."

It is a large, impressive chapel.
Since it's so large, many people must come here during the day.
If he's entrusted with such a church, the priest here must be a man of character.

"Tohsaka, what kind of a person is the priest here?"
"It's kind of hard to explain. I've known him for ten years, but I still can't grasp his character."
"You've known him for ten years...? That's a pretty long relationship. Is he a relative of yours or something?"

"He's not my relative, but he is my guardian. On top of that, he is my senior as an apprentice, and my second teacher."
"Huh... senior as an apprentice, you mean apprentice as a magus!?"

"That's right, but why are you so surprised?"
"Because he's a priest! Aren't priests forbidden to use magic!?"
By their nature, a magus and the church cannot be in harmony.

The organization that magi belong to is called the Magic Association,And the other side of religion, the side you wouldn't see while living a normal life, is called the Holy Church.
The two are barely similar. They cooperate in name, but they're always trying to kill each other when given the chance.

The church hates heretics.
They totally eliminate the inhuman, and they count magic-using humans among their targets.
For the church, miracles are only given to the chosen holy saints. Any miracles handled by other people are heresies.

There are no exceptions, even for those within the church.
The higher one rises in the church, the more one is prohibited from the impurity of magic.
And for a follower entrusted with a church like this and the more divine protection one receives, the more one should stay away from magic

"...No, first of all, is the priest here on our side?"
"Yes. He is the one supervising the Holy Grail War after all. He is a real Agent. ...Well, I don't know if he has divine protection, though."

Tohsaka's footsteps echo as she approaches the altar.
It's bad manners to do that when the priest isn't here, but it's so late at night.
He won't be in the chapel, so if he's anywhere, it will be the private room in the back.

"...Hmm. So who is this priest? You said a name like Kotomine before..."

"His name is Kotomine Kirei. He's a student of my father, and we've had an inseparable relationship for ten years now. ...Well, I wish I'd never met him, though."
"I feel the same way. I did not want an apprentice who did not respect her teacher."

A footstep.
He must have noticed our entry as he slowly appears from the other side of the altar.

"You didn't answer my repeated calls, and now you bring a strange guest. ...Hmm, so he is the seventh one, Rin?"

"Right. He's a magus, but he's pretty much a beginner, so I just couldn't let him be.
...I believe it was the rules to report here when one becomes a Master, right? It's a rule you invented, but I'll follow it this time."

"Very well. Then I must thank this young man."
The priest called Kotomine slowly turns to me.


...Without realizing, I step back.
...He's not scary at all.
...I don't feel any hostility from him.
But this priest still has a presence that makes the air around him feel heavy.

"I am Kotomine Kirei, the one entrusted with this church.
What is your name, seventh Master?"
"Emiya Shirou. But I haven't agreed to this 'Master' thing yet."
I glare back at the priest, trying not to lose against his presence.

"EmiyaShirou."
"Huh?"
The weight on my back turns into a chill.
The priest slowly smiles as if he's met someone pleasant.
That smile.
It makes me

"I thank you, Emiya. You have brought Rin here. If it were not for you, she would not have come."
The priest makes his way toward the altar.
Tohsaka moves away from the altar and stands beside me.

"Then let us start. Emiya Shirou, you are Saber's Master, correct?"
"That's wrong. I certainly made a contract with her, but I don't understand this whole Master and Holy Grail War thing.
If a Master should be a proper magus, then you should go and choose a more suitable person."

"...I see. This is serious. Does he really know nothing, Rin?"
"I told you he's a beginner. Train him from the very first steps, will you? You're really good at that, right?"
Tohsaka urges the priest.

"Oh, I see, I see. That's how it is, huh?
I understand. This is the first time you have ever depended on me.
Emiya Shirou, I can never thank you enough."
Father Kotomine laughs.
Their conversation makes me feel uneasy.

"First, let us correct your misunderstandings.
Listen, Emiya Shirou. Master is not a role you can give to someone else nor is it something you can stop being once you are chosen.
Those who have those Command Spells carved on them cannot resign from being a Master. You must accept that fact."

"Why can't I quit?"
"The Command Spell is a holy mark. Becoming a Master is a trial placed upon you. You cannot escape it just because it is inconvenient.
You cannot be released from that pain until you obtain the Holy Grail.

If you wish to retire from being a Master, all you can do is obtain the Holy Grail and wish for it. If you do that, everything will be as you desire, Emiya Shirou.
Your wishes, even cleaning out all the mud inside of you, is possibleYes, it is even possible to start everything over again.

Therefore, you should desire it.
If the time comes, you will appreciate being chosen as a Master. If you wish to erase those burns that cannot be seen, all you have to do is to accept that holy mark."

"Wha"
I feel dizzy.
The priest's words don't make any sense.
They just confuse me more and more as I listen.
...But still, his words soak into my brain and clot like blood.

"Kirei, don't go off topic. I asked you to tell him the rules. I didn't ask you to open up his old wounds."
A voice cuts in.
"T-Tohsaka?"
That clears up my dizzy head.

"I see. It is pointless to say anything to these kinds of people, so I was trying to take away his morality while he still misunderstood.
...Heh, I guess it's true that compassion is not good for others. And I rather enjoyed it too."

"What? Does it do you good to help him?"

"Of course. Helping people means saving yourself in the end. ...Well, it won't do any good to preach to you now.

So, let us return to the main topic, Emiya Shirou.
The battle you have been dragged into is called the 'Holy Grail War'.
Have you learned from Rin that this is an all out war between seven Masters, using seven Servants?"

"...I did. It's some ridiculous thing where seven Masters kill each other, right?"
"Indeed. But we are not committing these inhuman acts because we want to.
Everything is a ritual to determine who is the most suitable to receive the Holy Grail.
Because of its greatness, we require trials to determine its owner."

...What trials?
I'll bet this priest doesn't think of this Holy Grail War thing as a "trial".

"Hold on. You keep saying 'Holy Grail War', but what is it? You can't possibly mean the actual Holy Grail, right?"

The Holy Grail.
A grail said to have received the blood of the Christ.
It is considered to be one of the greatest holy relics, and said to be capable of many miracles.

The most common rumor about it is that the one who obtains the Holy Grail will obtain the world.
...But that's just an invention. After all, the Holy Grail itself is almost something that "exists, but doesn't exist".

"A Holy Grail that makes wishes comes true" certainly appears in many folklores and legends around the world .
But that's it.
A fictional power that doesn't exist and isn't possible. That is the Holy Grail.

"So answer, Kotomine Kirei. Is the Holy Grail you're talking about really the Holy Grail?"
"Of course. The Holy Grail that appears in this town is real. As a proof, the great miracle of the Servants has occurred.

Summoning and controlling past heroes. No, a miracle close to resurrecting the dead is almost a sorcery.
A Holy Grail with this much power shall grant its owner unlimited power. The object's unreality is worthless in front of that truth."


So.
He means that even if it is a fake, it doesn't matter if it has powers that would overwhelm even the true Holy Grail.

"...All right. Let's assume there really is a Holy Grail. Then why is it required to do something like the Holy Grail War? We shouldn't be killing each other if the Holy Grail exists. If the Holy Grail is so great, we can all share its power."
"That is a fair argument, but we do not have such freedom.
Only one person can obtain the Holy Grail.
That is not something we chose, but what the Holy Grail has decided."

"The Holy Grail decides the seven Masters and summons the seven Servants.
I told you that this is a ritual. The Holy Grail chooses the people suitable to obtain it, and selects its appropriate owner by making them fight for it.
That is the Holy Grail Warthe ritual where those chosen by the Holy Grail kill each other to obtain it."


The priest speaks plainly.
I have no rebuttal, and I look down at my left hand.
...There is the mark they call the Command Spell.
It must mean that as long as I have this mark, I cannot quit being a Master.

"...I'm not convinced. Even though only one person can be chosen, I don't like the idea that all we can do is to kill the other Masters."
"Huh? Hold on. You're misunderstanding if you think that you have to kill them. There's no need to kill the Masters."

"Huh? But you said we have to kill each other. Kotomine said so too."
"You will kill each other."
"You be quiet, Kirei. Now, the Holy Grail in this town is in spirit form. It's not something with form, so it's something we have to call forth by a special ritualmeaning we have to materialize it.

We can call for it as magi, but since it is in spirit form, we cannot reach it. Do you understand what that means?"
"Yeah. Only spirits can touch spirits, right?
Oh, that's why you need the Servants...!"

"Exactly. To put it simply, the goal of the Holy Grail War is to eliminate all the Servants except your own. So there's no rule that you have to kill the Masters."


Man, she could have told me that earlier!
Honestly, Tohsaka and this priest were being mean.
...Now I'm relieved.
So even if we enter this Holy Grail War, Tohsaka's not going to die.

"I see. I guess that is one way to think.
Then let me ask you, Emiya Shirou. Do you think you can beat your own Servant?"

"...?"
Beat Saber?
That's impossible.
In the first place, magic is useless against her, and she is skilled with her sword.

"Then let me ask you one more thing. It is a boring question, but do you think you are superior to your Servant?"
"...??"
What's he saying?"
I can't beat Saber, so there's no way I'm superior to her.
For this question, my answer will always be that I am weaker than my Servant, so...

"Oh."
"That's right. Servants are hard to defeat even with a Servant. So what should you do?
See, it's such a simple solution. Servants can only exist with a Master. No matter how powerful the Servant is, the Servant will disappear if the Master dies. So..."

That's right, it's a natural solution.
No one would choose to take the hard way.
If you want to win, the most effective way to kill the Servants would be to kill their Masters instead.

"...Okay. I understand that killing the Master is an effective way to eliminate other Servants.
But then, if their Servant gets killed, does that make someone not a Master anymore? Only Servants can touch the Holy Grail, right? Then there is no point to a Master that doesn't have a Servant."

"No, the right to be a Master still remains as long as you have the Command Spell. A Master is a magus that can form a contract with Servants. As long as you have the Command Spell, you can form a contract with Servants.

The Servants whose Masters are killed do not disappear right away. They can stay in this world until their magical energy runs out. If such 'abandoned Servants' exist, a Master with no Servant can form a contract with them. That will allow them to rejoin the war.
That is why Masters kill other Masters. Because if you allow them to live, there is a risk that they will impede you in the future.

"...So what if you use up your Command Spell? Then you won't be able to form a contract with other Servants, and the freed Servant will go off with someone else too."
"Wait, that's"
"Yes, you're right. If you use up your Command Spell, you will be liberated from your duty as a Master.

...However, I do not think a magus exists that would waste a Command Spell that allows them to use such powerful magic.
If there exists such a magus, he isn't even an amateur, but just a chicken."
The priest laughs, as he knows what I'm thinking about.

"......"
I'm annoyed.
That priest is making fun of me. I think he's trying to provoke me.

"You must understand now. So we will finish the explanation of the rules.
Well then, let us return to the beginning, Emiya Shirou.
You said you have no intention of being a Master. Do you still feel that way?"

"If you want to abandon your responsibility as a Master, that is fine too.
As you have realized, you may use up your Command Spell to end your contract with Saber. In that case, I will guarantee your safety until the Holy Grail War ends."

[wrap ext="-...?"]"...? Hold on. Why do you have to guarantee my safety? I can protect myself."

"I do not have enough free time to care for you either, but this is one of the rules.
I have been dispatched to supervise the repeating Holy Grail War.
That is why I must minimize the victims of the war.
Protection of magi who lost their claims to being a Master is one of my biggest responsibilities as the supervisor."

"Repeating Holy Grail War...?"
Hold on.
Repeating... does he mean that this kind of battle has happened many times before...?

"What do you mean? The Holy Grail War didn't just start now?"

"Of course not. Do you think a supervisor would have been dispatched if it were so?
This church bears a duty to recover the holy relics, as we are the lowest of the special agencies. Originally, it was our goal to research and recover the holy cross, but here, we have a duty to investigate the Holy Grail.
We have to investigate the 726th Holy Grail that has appeared in this far eastern land. We must recover it if it is real, and dispute it if it is not."

"726th... that many Holy Grails?"
"Who knows? It just means that there have been at least that many things that seemed like one.

And one of those is the Holy Grail from the Holy Grail War observed in this town.
According to records, it is said that the first battle occurred about 200 years ago.
Since then, the battles between Masters have been repeating in a cycle of about 60 years.
This is the fifth Holy Grail War. Since the last one was ten years ago, this will be the shortest cycle yet."

"Whaare you guys insane? You guys have repeated this thing four times already...!?"
"I feel the same way. As you said, people have repeated this event many times.
Yes.
In the past, the Holy Grail Wars were terrible. Masters were driven by their desires, forgot their teachings as magi, and just killed each other indiscriminately.

I think you already know, but it is the highest crime for a magus to use his magic in public. A magus cannot allow his identity to be revealed to the public.
But Masters in the past have violated that.
The Magic Association dispatched a supervisor to caution them, but they only made it in time for the third Holy Grail War. The one dispatched then was my father. Do you understand now, boy?"

"...Yeah, I understand we need a supervisor.
But from what you said, isn't this Holy Grail War fundamentally bad?"
"Oh? How is it bad?"

"Because the past magi were people who would break the rules of the magi, right?
Then let's say this Holy Grail thing really exists. What will you do if the one who remains is someone who uses the Holy Grail selfishly? It's bad if such a thing is obtained by someone who has no problem killing others.
If it is the job of the Association to look after magi, then shouldn't you guys be punishing those kinds of people?"

I question, with a little hope.
But as I expected, Kotomine Kirei laughs.

"Of course not. There are no magi who will act outside their own interests. We only supervise the rules of the Holy Grail War. We do not care about what happens afterwards. The Association is not concerned about the kind of person that obtains the Holy Grail."
"That's ridiculous...! What if the Master that obtains the Holy Grail is the worst guy possible!?"

"It would be problematic, but we can do nothing. It is the Holy Grail that chooses its owner. And we do not have the power to stop a Master who has been chosen by the Holy Grail.
It is a grail that makes wishes come true, after all. The one who obtains it will be able to do as he pleases.
But if you do not want that, then all you have to do is win it yourself. That is the most reliable way, isn't it?"

Kotomine is trying to hold back his laughter.
It's like he's enjoying my clumsy inability to accept the facts.

"What's wrong, boy? I think that was a good idea, so will you not accept it?"
"...That's none of your business. Anyway, I don't have any reason to fight. I'm not interested in the Holy Grail, and I don't feel like a Master even if you tell me I am."

"Oh. So you are not concerned about what the winner of the Holy Grail would do, even if it leads to disaster?"

"That's"
...I can't answer that question.
Crap, his words are violent.
They force the truth onto me, whether I want it or not.

"That is fine, if you have no reason to fight. So you are not troubled by what happened ten years ago?"
"Ten years... ago...?"

"That's right. At the end of the last Holy Grail War, an unsuitable Master touched the Holy Grail. I do not know what that Master wished for. All we know is the results of the disaster that came afterwards."


      For an instant.
      That image of hell flashes in my head.

"Hold on. That can't be..."
"It is. It is an event that everybody in this town knows about, Emiya Shirou.
Five hundred killed or wounded. A hundred and thirty four buildings burned down. That inferno, still unexplained, is the remains of the Holy Grail War."


I feel sick.
My vision blurs.
I lose concentration and I can't focus my eyes.
My body stumbles.

But I hold myself firm.
I hold onto consciousness by clenching my teeth.
I hold back my nausea with the anger boiling up in me.

"Emiya-kun? What's wrong? You're pale white. ...I know it's not a comfortable story, but... if you want, we can take a rest for a while."

I must have looked terrible.
I think it's very rare for Tohsaka to be worried like that.

"Don't worry. I feel better after seeing your weird face."
"...Hey, just what is that supposed to mean?"
"Oh, I have no hidden intentions. I meant it literally, so don't worry about it."

"Well, fine... hey, that's worse, you big oaf!"
The school's number one honor student, Tohsaka Rin, smacks me in the head.
That does it.
With that, the nausea and anger go away.

"...Thanks. You really did help, so don't bully me too much. I have a few more things to ask about."
She looks like she hasn't hit me enough, but she still lets me continue.

"Oh, you still have questions? All right, let out everything you want to say."
He should know what I want to ask, yet he asks me to go on.
Fine.
Emiya Shirou won't lose to you.

"Then I'll ask. You said this is the fifth Holy Grail War. Then, has anyone ever obtained the Holy Grail?"
"Of course. A sad event like that annihilation doesn't happen every time."
"Then"

"Do not be hasty. It is easy just to obtain it. After all, the Holy Grail is managed in this church. If you speak of just touching it, I touch it every day."
"Huh?"
T-The Holy Grail is at this church...?

"Of course, it is only the vessel. It is empty. Rin said it earlier that the Holy Grail is in spirit form.
What we maintain is a well-made replica of the Holy Grail. We use this as the catalyst to draw down the real Holy Grail and transform it into a Grail that grants wishes. It's like the relationship between Servants and Masters. ...Yes, there was indeed a man who obtained the real Holy Grail temporarily, using that method."

"Then, was that Holy Grail real? No, what happened to the guy who obtained it?"
"Nothing. The Holy Grail was imperfectly completed. It was the result of a foolish man, affected by sentiment."

...?
With the previous pressure gone, the priest narrows his eyes as if in regret.

"...What do you mean? Didn't the Holy Grail appear?"
"It is easy to just make the Holy Grail appear. Once the seven Servants are present, the Holy Grail will appear in time. As Rin said, there is no need to kill other Masters.
But that does not complete the Holy Grail. That thing decides its own appropriate master. And for that reason, it could not be obtained by a man who avoided battles."

"Heh, so that just means it's useless to obtain the Holy Grail without settling matches with the other Masters.
The Master who obtained the Holy Grail first in the last war was just a chicken. He just ran away from the Holy Grail, saying that he didn't want to fight other Masters."

So saying, Tohsaka looks away from Kotomine.
"No way."
Does that mean Kotomine was one of the Masters in the last war, and that he retired because he refused to fight in spite of obtaining the Holy Grail...!?

"...Kotomine. You didn't fight?"
"I did until halfway. But I made a bad decision. As a result, I only obtained an empty Holy Grail.
Well, I guess that was my limit anyway. Because the other Masters were all monstrous. I lost my Servant first and was taken under my father's protection.

...Come to think of it, it was inappropriate for a son of the supervisor to be chosen as a Master.
Father died at that time. Since then, I have succeeded the role of the supervisor, and I protect the Holy Grail at this church."

Saying that, the priest called Kotomine Kirei turns around.
Before him stands the symbol of worship.

"That is the end of our conversation.
The only ones qualified to obtain the Holy Grail are those who have Servants. When there is only one of you left, the Holy Grail should naturally appear in front of you.
Tell me your decision as to if you want to join this battle, the Holy Grail War, now."
The priest requests my final decision.


I'm at a loss for words.
I had no reason to fight until just now.
Now, I have a reason to fight and a will to fight.
But can I really accept that?

"Are you still undecided?
Look, a Master is not something you can be just because you want to. Rin has been training long as a magus, but it was not determined that she would be a Master.
All that could be decided beforehand was whether to prepare for it or not.

Only magi are to be chosen as Masters. If you are a magus, you should have been ready already.
I guess it cannot be helped if you say you are not.
You and your teacher were failures in that case. It is merely annoying for such a magus to be fighting, so get rid of your Command Spell now."

"!"
He doesn't need to ask.
I

1) ...Revoke the Command Spell.
2) ...Fight.
...I can't approve of this.
Such dirty killings are wrong.

"What's wrong? Will you fight or not? State now, Emiya Shirou."
...He doesn't even need to ask me.
I
"I won't fight. I'll abandon my right as a Master."
I look directly at the priest and answer.

"I see. I'm disappointed, but it is the Master's will. Emiya Shirou has abandoned his rights as a Master and withdrawn from the Holy Grail War. Is that acceptable, Rin?"
"...?"
The priest addresses Tohsaka and not me.

Tohsaka answers,"I don't care. If that's Emiya-kun's choice, I can't say anything about it."
"...Hmm. I'll take that sense of guilt as a yield.
"Then let us begin right away, Emiya Shirou. Put out your left arm."

"...Fine, but what are you going to do?"
"It should be quick. I am merely erasing the Command Spell on your arm.
There are two factors causing Masters to be Masters.[l]
One is the contract with the Servant, and the other is the Command Spell on your arm.
You will be freed from the Holy Grail War if you lose both of these."

The priest takes my left arm and,"This will hurt. Try to relax."
With a plunge.
Rips off my arm with his bare hands.

"GII!!!!!?"
My body jerks in pain.
With a sound, someone's fingers enter my arm.

"Guh!?"
It is not an illusion.
If there were an illusion, it was that of my arm being ripped off.
In reality, there isn't a scratch on my arm.
A stranger's fingers move through my flesh.
This is... yes, it's just that the priest's fingers, which are transparent like a ghost, are sinking into my arm.

"Done. The operation was successful."
"...Uh, huh?"
I look at my left arm.
...There are no wounds on my arm and only pain remains.
In exchange for that unpleasantness...
The Command Spell on my hand has changed shape.

"The shape's changed... no, is it that there's fewer strokes on it now...?"
"Yes. There are three strokes for the Command Spell. Kirei took two of those out from you. Like a spiritual doctor who removes the infected part without hurting the body."

"Spiritual doctor...?"
I think that's a special magi who heals the body by treating the spirit.
I hear their magic is a "curse" that can remove the infected part without using a single surgical knife on the body...

"...I'm surprised. Spiritual treatment is an unusual act used in uncivilized areas. It's not something a man of the church should know."
"Don't say that. I was unfit to be a priest the moment I took up magic.
So it should not matter if the kind of magic I know is unfit for a priest. Do not worry about the type.

"It was the only thing I was good at. I learned many magics, but this was the only one that fit me.
My magical aptitude is specialized in "opening wounds", for good or for bad. Thanks to that, I am inferior to even my student over there."

"For good or for bad? Of course it's good.
There aren't many spiritual doctors as good as you in the Association, and there are only a few in the church that can handle spirits as well as you do."

"Who knows. No matter how great this healing method is, the spirit is only a contact treatment relying on the body.
It is nothing close to a miracle that allows connection with the "soul", the proof of existence independent of the body
But anyways, the treatment is complete.
The rest is up to you, Emiya Shirou. Use your last Command Spell to cut the contract between you and your Servant."

"...? Cut the contract with my Servant...?"
"Yes. Request abolition of contract before Saber, who's waiting outside. ...I'm sure she won't accept it, so Kirei left you a Command Spell to force her to agree."

"That is correct. By using up your Command Spell and abolishing the contract with your Servant, you present to the other Masters that you are 'harmless'.
Then you are openly freed. A sane Master would not think of attacking a powerless Master.
By relinquishing a power you have gained by chance, you will regain your peaceful life."

"......"
I will break the contract with Saber by choice.
...That's betraying her.
Even if it was by chance, I called for her and she protected me.

"......"
...Have I made the wrong choice?
I cannot approve of Masters killing each other.
I can't approve of it, but if I can't overlook it either, then

"What are you doing? No incantations are necessary to activate the Command Spell. All you have to do is to put your mind to it and order your Servant.
You can tell her directly or you can just cut the contract here. Choose whichever you like."
"......"
No.
I've made my decision.
I can't take anything back now, and the priest probably wouldn't allow it.

"...I'll go and settle this directly with Saber. Then I won't be a Master, right?"
"Directly with Saber... Emiya-kun, that's..."
"Yes, I guarantee that. Go and inform your Servant of the parting. After that, I shall welcome you into the church as subject to protection."

The priest welcomes me, but I don't know how serious he is.
...Anyways, I have no intention of putting myself in his care.
I will only abandon my right as a Master: I will not ask for his help after that.

"I refuse that. I won't need your help. I'll settle things with Saber and after I use up my Command Spell, I'm going home.
That'll be it. I will never see you again."

"I see. ...Well, certainly, we shall never meet again.
Farewell, Emiya Shirou. It is the path you have chosen yourself. Take pride in it."


He doesn't need to tell me that.
I turn my back on him and leave the church.

...I exit the church.
She is there in the stone-paved plaza, under the tall sky.

"Have you finished your conversation, Master?"
"Yeah, I learned what this Holy Grail War thing is.
...And taking that into consideration, I decided. Saber, I withdraw from being a Master."

Saber's brow does not even twitch.
Her green eyes seem to accept my decision, as if it were natural.

"Does that mean you will be abandoning the contract with me?"
"That's right. I'm not fit to be a Master. ...And you too, Saber. It would be better for you to form a contract with a proper Master, not one like me."

"Yes. If I am after a better winning chance in battle, I should form a contract with another magus. Archer's Master should be able to draw out my full potential."
"...I see. Then I can abandon our contract now, right?
I'll use the Command Spell to cancel the contract, so you will be free."

"Shirou, I will ask you only once.
Will you not change your mind about your intention not to be a Master?"
"I will not change my mind. I have no intention to kill others."
I say so, looking directly at Saber.
...And at that time.
The raincoat Saber is wearing sways.

"Oh"
I blankly stare at the death in front of me.
In the time it takes me to blink, Saber runs towards me,"Huh?"
Sweeps my legs out from under me and knocks me over.

"Ugh!?"
Pain runs through my legs after a moment.
T-There's no blood. I still have my feet.

"Agh..."
I'm relieved that I still have my legs.
...Thank God. She only swept me with a metal rod.
My legs hurt like they're about to tear off, but it's much better than having them cut off

"Shirou. A magus who is no longer a Master will be killed by his Servant. No matter how inexperienced you are as a magus, you have the power to keep me in this world as you have called for me.
...A Servant needs a Master.
If you break your contract, I will kill you and take that body.
Do you still say you will abandon your rights as a Master?"

"......"
I look up at Saber, concentrating my fading consciousness.
There is no enmity or murderous intent in Saber's expression.
As natural as it is to breathe,Saber would kill me without emotion to stay in this world.
But still

"That's right. Even if I were to change my mind, I can't do it. Not because I only have one Command Spell left.
...I refused to fight. I refused to become a Master. ...Having such a person as your Master would only result in defeat."

...No matter how it came about, my mind gave up.
If I have refused battle once, the second time must be the same.
I would lament, every time I face danger, that I should not have entered the battle.
It would be bad for both you and me to make such a person your Master.

"Then you do not mind being killed by me here?
...I cannot be a spirit. If I cannot absorb your soul, your body will face a painful death. You are going to accept that...?"

"...Of course not. I don't like fighting, but I like being killed even less. ...I know it won't help, but I'll resist until the last second and flee."
I gather my courage and glare back at Saber, not allowing myself to be overwhelmed by her.

...And then.
"Saber...?"
"I understand. Use your Command Spell, Shirou. It is your decision. I have no right to intervene."
"Huh?"

"Do not worry. It is just the case that I could not establish trust with my Master this time. If you abolish the contract with your Command Spell, I will be free. ...I should only be able to maintain this body for about two hours, but I will just find a new Master in that time."

Saber says so plainly.
Spurred by those words,I pray to the Command Spell on my left hand to abolish the contract.

"You are now free. It was only a short union, but your magical energy was pleasant.
...I shall not see you again, but I shall pray that you safely survive this battle."

The silver armor recedes.
"!"
Without realizing, I almost try to call after her, but I stop myself before I do such a stupid thing.

I am not permitted to call out her name.
...She did not blame me for selfishly abandoning the contract, and she cared for my safety to the end.
Since I have rejected her and backed out of the Holy Grail War, I cannot call out and stop her

It is a silent night.
Even though it's past midnight, the town is too silent.
"......"
To be honest, it's eerie.
I don't think I'm exaggerating. I think that word is very suitable for this atmosphere.

"Man. I wonder when it started to be like this?"
It's obvious.
The Holy Grail War. The secret battle between the six magi is stealing the life out of this town.

"...!"
My chest starts to hurt.
The chest that was stabbed by Lancer only a few hours ago is aching.

"Let's go home. What good will it do to go back to the church now?"
Enduring the pain in my chest, I head home.
I'll think about what I should do once I'm home.
I should be able to calm down if I go home, take a bath, and relax a bit

But.
I'll think about what I should do when I get home.
That thought itself was a mistake.

"Huh?"
Like a bad dream, it tells me that there is no road ahead of me.

"I see. You're alone now, Onii-chan."
I raise my head at the girl's voice.
Under the blue moon.
On top of the hill that should lead me back home,are a girl and a strange figure.

"Gi"
And they burst.
I didn't even have a chance to see it, scream, nor turn and run.

The black giant  standing there swings his weapon upwards, and just the sheer force of the weapon moving causes my arm to
"AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!?"

"AH, AHHHHHHHH, AH, AH!"
It flew off. It flew off. One of my arms flew off.
It flew off from my shoulder and blood is spilling out like crazy and the road behind me is red like red paint's smeared on it... and bones, bones are sticking out of my shoulder, and...

"Berserker, I don't feel like playing chase, so just squash him."
"Gu, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH...!!!!"
I roll.
Both of my legs are bent as if sitting Japanese-style.
But they are both bending the wrong way, with my feet bending forward from my knees down.

"Ha... a, ah...!?"
My thoughts cannot catch up to the events.
My thoughts cannot catch up to the events due to the pain.
Berserker.
I definitely heard that.
Then, the monster in front of me

"Heehee, you're well-mannered, Onii-chan. I know that, it's that thing called assisted suicide, right? My grandfather said that Japanese people are a neck-cutting tribe who die by having their necks cut off while sitting Japanese-style."
I begin to pass out.
The girl's innocent voice doesn't match this situation.

"Ah, don..."
I look up.
I can't breathe.
My lung. One of my lungs has been blown about fifty meters behind me.

I fall onto the ground on my back.
Both my legs have become like caterpillars. And they're broken, so they can't move.
So I use my remaining left arm to drag myself away,
"Oh, you can still move? But I'm so sorry. You can't run away now. And besides, it's useless even if you do get away.
Because even if you do, that body of yours will die in a matter of seconds."

"Ha"
My body feels light.
I've lost over half my blood already.
It's amazing I'm still conscious.
My brain is starved of oxygen, and it should have stopped already-

"But you can be relieved. It's no fun if you die that easily, right? So I gave you a small hand!
Onii-chan will stay conscious no matter how much it hurts or how much of you gets destroyed until I crush your head.
Soeven if I do this, you'll be able to writhe like a living thing."

"GI, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

I'm crushed.
By that shockwave of his weapon like a printing press, my lower half is crushed from the waist down.
Things that used to be my legs and meat and bones are beautifully turned into two-dimensional objects.

"AH, AHHH, AHHHHhHHHHH...!"
I can't die.
There is only blood left in my head and my body does not function, and my nerves are wanting to die and escape the pain, but my consciousness will not go away.

"Phew, pheew, pheeeeeew...!"
My throat sounds like a flute.
It echoes inside my skull.
My thoughts are still confused.
But wanting to escape this pain,"Ahyou're wrong. I'm not... a Master... any... more."
I tell the girl, as if asking for help.

...An instant of hope.
The girl gasps as if being surprised,"Yes, so what?"
She says with an angelic smile.

"Ahha."
My senses freeze.
I will not be saved no matter what.
I fully understand that I will be killed here.

"Hm, maybe you're small enough for me to pick up now.
Then I'll invite you to my castle, Onii-chan.
There are lots of tools once we get there, so let's continue this there."


My senses will not die no matter how much I am hurt.
They will not die, so rationality freezes.
I don't know how much longer the head will last,But at this moment, Emiya Shirou gives up all hope.
As soon as I leave, the pressure on my shoulders lifts.
Certainly, you could say that getting away from that priest helped.
But Tohsaka standing out in her uniform...
...And the blond-haired girl in a raincoat standing near her make a strangely well-matched sight that somehow takes the pressure off me.


Saber is silent as always.
She's looking at me, so it seems she is interested in the decision I made.

"Let's go. We're going the same way until we get back to town."
Saying that, Tohsaka starts walking.
Following after her, we leave the church as well.

The three of us descend the hill together.
We didn't talk much on the way here, but there's even less talk now.
Even dull as I am, I know why.
After what happened at the church, I truly became a Master.
And that must be the reason Tohsaka is walking a little apart from us.


I understand that.
I understand, but I don't like thinking about Tohsaka like that.

"Tohsaka. Is your Servant okay?"
"Huh...?"
"Oh yeah. Archer is okay. ...Though it doesn't seem like the damage caused by your Saber will heal fast, so I don't think I'll be able to materialize him for a while."
"Then he's not with you right now?"

"No, he's taking shelter at my house right now. He'll be at a disadvantage if he was attacked by other Servants right now, so I'm making him stay ready at a place of strength."

I see.
Unlike my house, I'll bet Tohsaka's house is well prepared against outside attacks.

A house is like a fortress for a magus. They will not lose as long as they stay there.
That must mean enemies will not attack you as long as you stay on your home ground.
...I see.
The boundary field at my house is merely an alarm against intruders, but even having that makes a big difference.

"Oh yeah, Tohsaka. That guy said he was the supervisor of the Holy Grail War, but does he know your Servant?"
"He shouldn't. I haven't told him."

"I see. You guys seem to have a good relationship, so I thought so."
"...Hey Emiya-kun. I'll warn you now. Don't tell anybody your Servant's identity. Keep it a secret even from people you trust or you'll end up exiting this battle early."

"...? What do you mean Saber's identity?"
"What I mean is, which hero the Servant is.
No matter how strong someone may be, if you reveal your potential, you'll surely be beaten someday. ...It's fine, so have Saber tell you her real name later on.
You should understand what I mean then. ...Though, hang on. You're like this, so it might be better if she didn't tell you."

"Why?"
"Because you can't keep secrets. You'll be able to keep a secret better if you don't know about it."
"...Hey now, what do you think I am? I can take care of myself."

"Really? Then do you have anything you're hiding from me?"
"Huh...? Anything I'm hiding from you, that's..." I say, as my face fires up.
I don't have a guilty conscience, but well, would kind of admiring her count as something I'm hiding from her...?

"See. I don't know what you're hiding, but it's no good if it shows on your face.
You have other good aspects, so don't worry about it."

"...Hmph. Then what about you? If you're hiding it from that priest, does that mean you don't trust him?"

"Kirei? Hardly. I'm not crazy enough to trust him. He's a cheat who transferred from the Church to the Magic Association without quitting the Church. He'd happily sell my information to the other Masters."

...Tohsaka says with annoyance.
It seems she really doesn't trust that priest.
I'm a bit relieved, but still, her words do seem to hold a bit of affection.

And we pass the bridge.
There's no conversation between us now.
The cold winter air and our cold breath.
A faint sound of flowing water and the white streetlamps that light up the bridge.
Small things like that are engraved into my memory.

Oddly, I didn't think about looking at Tohsaka, who's walking next to me.
Right now, it seems walking on a bridge at night together like this is more precious than seeing her face.
Me, Tohsaka, and the girl called Saber I know nothing about.
We three walk together without doing much.

We reach the intersection.
The intersection that leads to our houses, the place where we must part with Tohsaka.

"We'll part here. I've repaid my debt, and it would be troublesome if we stayed together any longer. We should part and become enemies from tomorrow on."
It must be to end the ambiguous position we are in right now.
Tohsaka starts talking and cuts off suddenly.

From that, I realize.
She did not explain the rules to me out of any sense of obligation.
She just supported me, understanding the situation I'm in, and acted fairly.
So things are back to normal once the explanations are over.
I will just be her target as a Master now.

"...Hm?"
But if so, what she just said was strange.
Tohsaka must have meant that it would be difficult to fight if she feels empathy for me.
For Tohsaka, everything that happened tonight must have been unnecessary.
'It would be troublesome if we stay together any longer.'
If she is going to say something like that, she should have left us alone from the beginning.

Tohsaka's smart, so she should know that all too well.
But still, she set aside all thought of loss or gain and helped me out.

So what happened tonight was totally out of good faith.
The Tohsaka in front of me is too different from how she is at school.
Even when I put it nicely, she's sour, cranky, unapproachable, and she's so different that I want to scream out.

Man, it feels almost like a fraud.
...Yet, still...
Tohsaka Rin is just how everyone thought she was.

"I see. Tohsaka, you really are a good person."
"Huh? What are you saying all of a sudden? I won't go easy on you even if you flatter me."
I know that.
She won't go easy on me, and that's why she said it'll be a bother if she feels empathy for me.

"I know. But I don't want to be enemies with you if I can help it. I like people like you."
"Wha"

Tohsaka falls silent for some reason.
I hear Tohsaka's house is in the western-style district in the opposite direction to my place.
Since she's taken care of me until now, I would like to walk her home, but...

"A-Anyway, just run to the church if your Servant ever gets killed. If you do, at least your life will be safe."
"I won't like it, but still, I'll take that advice. It won't happen, though. However I look at it, I'll die before Saber does."

I calmly analyze the situation.
"Phew."
Tohsaka reacts strangely once again.
After letting out a sigh, she glances at Saber.

"All right. I won't give you any more warnings because that'd really be empathy.
Just be careful. Even though Saber is strong, it won't matter if you, her Master, gets killed."
She turns her back and starts walking.


But.
As if she's seen a ghost, her feet stop dead in their tracks.

"Tohsaka?"
The instant I call out to her, my left hand throbs in pain.

"Hey, have you finished talking?"

A young voice echoes through the night.
The voice like a song is unmistakably that of a young girl.
My vision is drawn to the top of the hill.
I don't know when the clouds parted, but a bright moon is now shining in the sky.
There.

A long shadow.
There's a strange shape that shouldn't be here in this pale town of shadow pictures.

"Berserker."
Tohsaka mumbles a word I'm not accustomed to hearing.
I don't even need to ask.
That thing is definitely a Servant.
And at the same timean overwhelming sense of death, exceeding even the one in the fire ten years ago.

"Good evening, Onii-chan. It's the second time we've met like this."
The girl smiles as she says so.
That innocence sends a chill down my spine.


No, spine is an understatement.
Not just my body, but my mind is frozen as well.
That thing is a monster.
I'm not staring at it, but just its presence makes me unable to move.

I understand naturally that I will die in the instant I move even a muscle.
It feels like a knife is pushed right against my naked chest.
...Still, I feel nothing.
Probably because there's too little hope of me getting out of this alive.
All fears and impatience are drowned by hopelessness, so I don't feel a thing.

"Crap. He's totally on a completely different level."
Unlike me who's paralyzed, Tohsaka has the composure to stand ready.
...But it'll come to nothing.
Even though I can only see her back, I can sense the despair she's feeling.
"Huh? Oh, your Servant is taking a rest? That's no fun, I thought I'd kill you both at once."
The girl says unhappily, as she looks down at us from the top of the hill.
...We're in an even worse situation now.
That girl knows Tohsaka's Servant is not here.
And then.
The girl lifts the sides of her skirt and bows unsuitably for this situation.
"Nice to meet you, Rin. I am Ilya.
You should work it out if I make that 'Ilyasviel von Einzbern'."
"Einzbern"
Tohsaka's body moves slightly as she seems to recognize that name.
Perhaps she liked Tohsaka's reaction, as the girl smiles happily. And...
"Then I'll kill you. Go ahead, Berserker."
...She orders the strange shape behind her, as if she's singing.
The larger body flies through the air.
The thing called Berserker comes flying down the whole distance from the top of the hill!
"Shirou, stay back...!"
Saber runs. Her raincoat comes off and my vision is blocked for a second.
Saber runs to Berserker's landing point and Berserker lands with a huge thud at exactly at the same moment.
"...!"
The air trembles.
Saber stops Berserker's great sword with her invisible sword.
"!"
Saber makes a pained face.
There,Berserker's gigantic sword flashes like a whirlwind!
A great thunderous roar.
The crash of steel that almost tears the air results in defeat for Saber.
A sliding sound.
Even though she blocked Berserker's giant sword, she is driven back along with the sword she used to block it.
"Guh..."
Saber's posture collapses.
The lead colored Servant chases after her.
The gray figure swings its giant sword as if it's the only thing it knows how to do.
Saber doesn't have the time to dodge it and blocks it with her sword.
It does not matter if Saber's sword is invisible or not.
Each of Berserker's attacks is a fatal one that must be blocked with all her might.
Therefore, Saber has to stay on the defense.
For her, the only chance of victory is to find a means of attack in between Berserker's attacks.
But.
That's only if Berserker leaves an opening.
The black rock sword is just like a storm.
With such a large body.
And with such a large sword, and yet Berserker is moving faster than Saber.
The attacks he sends out are just smashing swings with no technique to them.
But that's enough.
If there is overwhelming power and speed, there is no room for technique.
Techniques are something humans invented to compensate for their weaknesses.
Weaknesses are things that giant doesn't have.
"Run."
I murmur with my frozen body.
That thing cannot be defeated.
Saber will be killed if we go on like this.
So she should run away.
It would be easy for her to get away if it were just her here.
She should know that already...!
"Oh"
That's bad.
My body is numb, but maybe that's why my mind is so calm.
The storm of death that strikes without a pause.
Unable to take all the attacks, Saber retreats, and this time...
The final blow that cannot be blocked is swung.

Saber's body rises.
She manages to defend against Berserker's giant sword, even in a bad posture.

But that's only to avoid a fatal wound.
She couldn't brace herself to totally block the giant sword, and the impact blows her away.

She falls, her body drawing a big arc.
Before she falls on her back, Saber turns in mid-air and lands on her feet.
"...Ugh...!"
She manages to recover.
But red blood is running down her chest.
"That's..."
...How stupid of me.
I was forgetting something important.
I don't know how much a Servant can fight in one day, but this is already her third battle.
And on top of that, Saber has the wound in her chest inflicted by Lancer.
"Uh, gh"
Saber moves as if to protect her chest.
Berserker moves and slashes like a raging wind at the wounded Saber and
Receives many attacks on its back.
"Vier Stil Erschie[szlig]ung...!"
I don't know what kind of magic it is, but Berserker's body explodes from Tohsaka's spell.
Judging from the magical energy given out, the magic directly hitting Berserker must be an impact close to that of a high-caliber pistol.
But even that is meaningless.
It doesn't even scratch Berserker's body.
He isn't nullifying magic like Saber.
It's just that the magic is not doing any damage.
"...!? Gah, what kind of ridiculous body does he have...!?"
But Tohsaka does not stop casting,But Berserker ignores Tohsaka's spells and charges at Saber.
"...!"
Saber raises her head in pain.
She holds her sword up to still fight.
That gets my body to move again.

"No, run, Saber...!"
I yell with all my might.
Hearing that,she faces the enemy she cannot compare to.
There is no end to Berserker's attacks.
Saber's body sinks every time she blocks a blow, and she slowly approaches her final moment.
But still, where in that small frame does she have all that power?
Saber doesn't retreat.
She blocks the surging waves of the giant sword and tries to drive back Berserker with her willpower.
There is no chance of victory.
The way she's holding her ground looks bizarre, as she should know she will be defeated if she keeps fighting.
Maybe it sensed something in her posture.
"[wacky len=12]!"
The figure, silent up to now, roars.
A blow impossible to block.
The blow that even swings through Saber blows her away.
The sound of something falling in the distance.
...Fresh blood spills out.
In that pool of blood, with a body that should not be able to get back up...
"Ag..."
She stands up unconsciously.
...It's as if...
She is saying I would be killed if she didn't do so

That...
Makes me realize how foolish my choice was.
Berserker stops after defeating Saber.
Without paying attention to me or Tohsaka, it waits for its master's orders at the top of the hill.
"Hah, there's no way you would be able to beat him. My Berserker is the greatest hero of Greece."
"...!? Greatest hero of Greece, you must mean"
"Yes. The one standing there is the devil called Hercules.
He is the worst monster there is, on a different level from the heroes you guys can summon."
The girl who called herself Ilya narrows her eyes cheerfully.
Those are eyes of joy, about to finish off her enemies.
I don't even need to say who the ones getting killed are.
Saber will be killed right here.
Then what am I going to do?
Am I going to fight that monster in her place?
I can't do that.
Just approaching that thing without being prepared would stop my heart.
I

1) Run away with Tohsaka...!
2) Save Saber...!
I'll get away from this place.
Saber can't beat that monster.
She will certainly be killed if I let her continue fighting.
If that's the case

"Tohsaka, this way...!"
"...!?"
I take Tohsaka's hand and start running.

If we are that girl's targets, she will definitely come after us.
Then Saber will survive, and we have a chance of surviving too if we run away to a place with more people...!

"Hey, you can't turn your back on him!"
"Huh...?"
The hand I grabbed is shaken off.
And in a flash.
Tohsaka moves between me and "the thing", as if to protect my defenseless back, and...

"Hagg..."
...Has her chest pierced through by the giant's sword.

"Tohsa-"
I can feel my face stiffening as I turn around.
"Guh..."
Tohsaka coughs up blood and looks down at the sword in her chest.

"Manwhat was I doing?"
...Does she mean trying to protect me, or trying to attack Berserker?
Tohsaka tilts her head in wonder, as if she knew it was useless from the start and...
"The church. Go to Kirei."
Leaving those words, she is thrown to the ground.

"Ah.."
My body reacts before I can think.
The black giant standing before me.
Using the opportunity when he threw Tohsaka away,"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
I run desperately, like an animal through rings of fire.

"Oh, he ran away. Heehee, that's cute, Onii-chan. You think you can get away from Berserker?"

I run.
The only thing in my head is Tohsaka's words.
The church. I have to get up this hill and go to the church.
Go to the church and ask for help from Kotomine.
I have to do it.
Or Tohsaka will die.
Or Saber will die too.
Or I won't be able to save them, and I too, will...!

A blow in the back.
Not with the sword.
The giant struck my back with its arm like a bushhammer.

Ah...
"Geez, you're useless...! I told you not to kill him easily, but you can't even do that simple thing...!? You good-for-nothing, I'll kill you to your last one if you disobey my orders again...!"

Ar, gh[r]
"Huh...? He's alive...? He's still alive even though he was thrown all the way over here...?"

I can't breathe. My backbone is smashed, I can't... breathe.
"I see. You're alive, Onii-chan. You can't use any magic, but I guess there was still a reason you were chosen as a Master.
Good. There'd be no point in me coming to Japan if it wasn't like this."

"Uh, "
...I can't move.
You can't call me alive anymore.
I... am...

"No, I won't let you die that easily. I have to hurt you more and teach you how wonderful your life was up until now."

The silver-haired girl holds my head.
Her cold white fingertips freeze my skull.

In that instant, when I am turned into something that is not me,
"Fufu. I'll turn you into an ugly doll that can't even die. Onii-chan is going to take Kiritsugu's place from now on."

I wish with my last thoughts for Tohsaka and Saber to be safe.
Ican't abandon someone who needs help.
Emiya Shirou has chosen to live like that.
And most importantly... I can't leave the girl who fought to protect me.

"All right, Berserker. She will regenerate, so violate her after you chop her head off."
Berserker resumes his action.
I

"Y-Youuuuuuuuuu...!!"
I run with all my strength.
There's no way I can do anything against that monster.
So the least I can do is to push Saber away and save her from Berserker's attack

"Huh?"
I fall.
Why...?
I was going to push Saber away, get Saber away from Berserker, and think about what to do after that, so why...?

"Gaha...."
Why?
Why am I on the ground, unable to breathe?

"...!?"
...I hear shocked voices.
First is from Saber, who is right in front of me.
And Tohsaka is astonished at a distance.
And for some reason, Ilya, who is looking down at me dumbfounded, is also surprised.

"...Hu... h?"
I'm missing my stomach.
I'm on the ground.
On the asphalt are a small amount of blood compared to the wound, soft-looking organs, bones, and many things like that.

"...I see. How stupid of me."
In short, I didn't make it in time.
Yesit was impossible to push Saber out of the way, so I just shielded her.
And my stomach was blown out by that sword.

"Guh."
Geez, I'm ashamed of myself for failing even in a situation like this.
I've been working hard to become a superhero, but I keep making mistakes when it really counts.

"Why?"
The silver-haired girl asks in a daze.

After standing there dumbfolded for a while,"...That's enough. This is boring."
Without finishing off Saber, she calls Berserker back.

"Rin, I'll kill you if I see you again."
The girl leaves.
After watching her leave, my vision cuts out.

My consciousness fades away.
I really can't recover this time.
I was somehow saved when I was killed by Lancer, but that won't happen again.
There's probably no magic that can save a person who has lost most of their stomach.

"...W-What were you thinking!? Don't you know I can't save you again...!?"

I hear an angry voice.
It's probably Tohsaka. She seems really angry, and I'm sorry.

But it can't be helped.
It's not like I can do everything like Tohsaka. All I could use was my body.
...So that's why...
The only thing I could do was to use my body to shield Saber.
I'm in a fire.
Collapsing buildings and burning people.
No matter how far I run, the scenery is always red.
This is a vision of ten years ago.
A memory of the distant past I haven't remembered in a while.
I run through it, as if recreating the scene.

There's no escape even though I know it's a dream.
I run, run, keep running.
In the end, where I end up is how I'm saved after running out of energy.


I wake up with a bad feeling.
A feeling like a metal weight is inside my chest.
I feel my forehead and find that I'm sweating a lot even though it's winter.

"...Oh, it's already this late?"
It's already past six o'clock.
From the kitchen, I can hear the sound of the kitchen knife cutting something.
"Sakura is early as usual."
There's no time to be impressed.
I have to get ready quickly and go help fix breakfast.

"Shirou, what are you gonna do today? Will you be working this afternoon cause it's Saturday?"
"No, I don't have work today. I think I'll be doing something with Issei. Why?"
"Oh, nothing. I just hoped you might come and visit me at the dojo today. I'm in a pinch this month."
"Hm? In a pinch? What is?"

"My wallet. I'd be really happy if someone made me lunch."
"I refuse. It's your own fault, so you should skip a meal once in a while."
"Heh, I'm not expecting anything from Shirou. The only one I'm depending on is Sakura-chan. Right, Sakura-chan?"

"Yes. If you don't mind having the same lunch as me, I can prepare one."
"Yep, fine, fine. Let's eat lunch together today then."

Breakfast continues as usual. Today, along with the usual, there's simmered lotus root with chicken.
I don't think she has to make anything this elaborate for breakfast, but I think she made a lot of it to take for lunch too.
Sakura is a member of the archery club, and Fuji-Nee is in charge of the archery club.
It's natural for them to share lunches.

"Oh yeah, Shirou, you were late this morning. Did something happen?"
Fuji-Nee looks at me, sipping her miso soup.
...Geez. She's usually slow, but she gets sharp only at times like this.

"I had a dream about my past. I just woke up grouchy, that's all."
"I see, nothing unusual. I'm relieved."
Fuji-Nee ends the conversation like she's not interested.
I'm not worried at all about it either, so I shouldn't get mad about it.

Ten years ago.
I used to have nightmares back when I couldn't get the fire out of my mind.
But I saw less of it as time passed, and I'm well over it now that I can let it slide even after dreaming about it.
...But I guess it was pretty bad back then. Since Fuji-Nee has been here since that time, she's sensitive to my change.

"Shirou, are you not hungry? You don't happen to have no appetite this morning, right?"
"I am hungry. I'm fine, so don't try to take my food using my dream as an excuse."
"Man, I'm glad you've gotten so strong, but personally, I wish you were more delicate."

"That's my line. I wish you'd be more sweet."
We make fun of each other without looking at each other.
That proves my liveliness, and Fuji-Nee laughs with relief.

"...Heh."
To be honest, I'm glad she's worrying.
But she'll be elated if I thank her, so I act like I'm discontented.
"Hm?"
Not knowing the circumstances, Sakura looks puzzled at the way we're acting.
After Fuji-Nee leaves, we lock the house and leave.

"Senpai, I won't be able to come and help out from tonight until Monday. Is that all right?"
"Hm? That's all right. It's the weekend anyways. You should be hanging out with your friends, so don't worry about it."

"Huh? No, that's not it...! It's not like that. It's just a personal errand, and I'll be attending the club too! S-So you can come to the dojo if anything comes up!
I'm not going off to play because it's the weekend, so please don't misunderstand me."

"...Huh?"
Sakura's acting suspicious, and she looks very tense.
I don't really understand what she wants to say, but I guess she just means she can't come over this weekend.

"Okay. I'll go to the dojo if something comes up."
"Yes, it will make me happy if you do so."
Sakura looks relieved.
And when she looks down, her face suddenly stiffens.

"Senpai, your hand."
"Hm?"
Sakura is staring at my left hand.
Looking down at it, it's bleeding.

"Huh?"
I pull up my sleeve.
There is certainly blood there.

"What's this? Maybe I cut it while fixing something last night."
But it doesn't hurt at all.
There's just a welt on there.
The welt goes straight from my shoulder down to the hand, and it looks kind of like a small snake running from my shoulder to my hand.

"Well, I don't feel any pain, so it should go away quickly. Don't worry, it's nothing."
"...Yes, if you say so."
Perhaps she's feeling bad from seeing the blood, as Sakura looks away and falls silent.
After Fuji-Nee leaves, we lock the house and leave.

"......"
"Sakura? You don't look well. Are you feeling sick again?"

"Huh...? No, I'm fine. How about you, Senpai? You looked awful this morning and, um, your bruise from yesterday might be worse."
Yesterday's bruise...?
Oh, that welt on my left hand.

"No, it didn't get any worse. It's just a welt, so it should heal in no time."
"......"
She must be worried about something as she continues to stare at me.

"Uh.... it's fine. It's nothing, seriously."
"......"
"What? You've been acting awfully strange since yesterday. This is just a welt, right? Or what, did you step on my hand while I was asleep and you feel guilty about it?"

"S-Senpai, I'm not that heavy! I just..."
"Just what?"
"...Um, I just hope I'm wrong."

"...Huh?"
I don't understand her.
Sakura doesn't talk much, but she tends to say important things clearly.
She doesn't usually talk like this.

"...Senpai. I have a favor to ask of you if it's all right."
"Huh? Yeah, if it's something I can do."
"...Yes. I won't be able to come and help you until tomorrow night. Can you try to stay in your house during that time?"

"...? Are you telling me to skip work on Sunday?"
"Yes. I want you to stay in your house as much as possible. Um, I'll come and help once I'm done with my errand."

"I see... well, I guess I can take a rest for a day.
All right then. I'll relax during the weekend. Is that okay, Sakura?"
"Yes, that will help me out a lot."

I guess it's fine to relax once in a while.
I have some extra living expenses from working a lot recently, so I'll clean up all the junk this weekend.
Hello! Is everyone doing fine?
An hour of gaming a day, for all you who died so easily, this is the assistance corner that solves all your problems in a flash, the Tiger Dojo!
So. First of all, I would like to ask what the meaning of this corner is! It totally destroys the mood of the actual story!
Answer, senior student!
Osu! This dojo is the backstage that always saves the dull and stupid Shirou. It can be said that this is the central foundation that supports "Fate" itself.
It would not be an exaggeration to call this the main storyline of "Fate"!
Marvelous! Bravo! Oh bravo!
Yes, well done. I think everyone's starting to realize now, but this dojo is an important part of "Fate".
Everyone, please don't be tricked by those fake heroines that have large parts in the story, and if you see a dangerous choice, please choose it.
Well, as for this Shirou......
Oh man, squashed lower body and only the head left?
Someone who would do such a thing must be brutal and cruel. What do you think about that, student?
No problem! This is a cute and pop genocide of love!
Unsatisfactory!
Owww... I-I made a mistake. This is the result of a weak Onii-chan making this particular heroine angry.
That is exactly right. In other words, broken samurai code, seppuku if you turn your back.
From now on, please choose cowardly choices like this as you'll die a lot.
But since this is supposed to be a Q&A corner, I shall help you with your problem.
Senior student, what is the counter-measure this time?
Osu, go back to the choice and choose the other one.
All right, well done.
Unexpected deaths like this are set up all over the place, so it's standard to save at choices.
Well then, that's it for this time! I shall wait for you at the next practice!
See you!
There's a sound.
It's hard to determine if the sound is someone crying or something being dragged.
The sound is all there is.
There are only decaying things here.
The stone walls are fragile like rotten trees,and the air is sweet like honey.
The living things on the floor are melted like ripe fruit, and even time is rotten and meaningless here.

This space is worn out after a long period of time.
This darkness is the grave of all that were not mourned for, because of the tenacity of a certain bloodline.

"It seems all seven have gathered."

In the center of the decay wiggles the largest decay.
The sound of worms and the smell of rotten meat.
The master of this basement room is rotten but alive, and swarmed by the otherworldly worms.
The worms that crawl up his feet suck on the skin at the ankles and use their suckers to consume the meat and burrow into it.

There aren't merely a hundred or so of these swarming worms.
If a human were swarmed by this black carpet, they would not even last a minute.
A human would have all their meat and bones taken by the worms and would crumble as a boneless skin.

"Not enough. These worms need to be replaced soon."

But the thing does not crumble.
No, the more the worms enter his body through the ankles, the more complete his body becomes.
That thing is not being consumed by the worms.
The worms swarming the room are the ones being eaten.
The amount stored will last a hundred years.
If this is something that eats only worms, it means that much more life is already guaranteed.

"There are still more chances to come. It does not mean this is the last chance. If the conditions aren't perfect, I should restrict myself to just watching, but..."

"Well," says the figure with a smile.
The "place" this time is far from perfect.
The hole is opening less than ten years after the last battle.
The supervisor, the priest, has two Servants, and the Servant residing at the Ryudou Temple has summoned a Servant herself.
The conditions are not good.
The grail that would be filled in such an unstable battle would be far from perfect.
Even if the gate is opened, it would not be possible to reach inside it.

"Then I should just restrict myself to observing, but unfortunately, the pieces I have are well-suited."

The condition to fight for the Holy Grail is terrible.
But one thingthat "thing" created after a lot of work has been completed perfectly.
It shall reach it once it is open.
It shall definitely reach the Holy Grail if it makes no mistake in the procedure.
After all, it has had the content of the Holy Grail planted within it.
It is a cellular tool that has been contaminated by the Holy Grail for the past ten years.
So as things with the same origin, it is only natural they will attract each other.

"...Heh, there is a next time for me, but that thing won't last long. I received it as an afterbirth, but I never thought it would turn out this well."

That thing prepared as an experiment is so suitable you could call it perfect.
It was planned to be disposable, but if it can be used, it should be.
Either way, it is something that was planned to be disposed of.
Even if it is destroyed in battle, it does not change the fact that it will be disposed.

"Then, there is only one problem.
      How I will motivate it."

The prepared "compatible work" hates conflict.
It would be simple if its mind could be taken over, but the work's mental barrier is stronger than expected.
Well, one with a strong Magic Circuit was what was wished for.
So it is only natural for it to be strong against a poison that tries to violate the self.
Should it be the obedient doll or the superior pupil?
As long as the latter is decided, controlling it is out of the question.

"Once is fine. If there is a small opening, it will seek the Holy Grail on its own, but..."

Creating that small opening is the hard part.
It does not have a mentality that will break down under external pressure.
If it did, it would have broken already eleven years ago.
That thing is the strongest fortress that has no blade to strike back.
Then, what will break it must come from within.
Its emotions will become the key to change it.

"You're here. Then I shall create that small opening."

Footsteps echo through the darkness.
The appearing person walks to the worms in the middle of the decay, and...
"Do I have to kill every Master?"[r]
And asks the anticipated question.



Of course, it does not need to answer such a question.
All Masters must be killed.
We must take away all Servants.
That is the idea swirling in this basement.
But pushing that aside...

"If you say so, it cannot be helped. Then I shall restrict myself to observation this time."

The thing says so.
A voice of relief and a relaxed air.
After giving a kind smile that has no intention of fighting,
"But it is a bit annoying if that is the case. Out of all the Masters, the daughter of Tohsaka is pretty well-made. If there is a winner, it will probably be her."

It murmurs disappointedly.
[r]
The slack air returns.
A small changea faint emotion of evil fills the room.
The one that disliked conflict was moved by that one word.
It is built on that small movement.
A small crack.
A small opening that should not be opened, which the thing itself does not notice.

"Kuh."

The rotten meat laughs.
Swarmed by worms and still rotting, it continues to laugh, still holding a human shape.
"Ah... guh."
I wake up.
I feel sick. My whole body is in pain, and I have a sharp headache each time my heart throbs.

"What... happened?"
I can't remember because of the sharp headache.
My body is cold, probably from lying on the floor for a long time.
The only certain thing is my ripped uniform, and my own blood on the floor.

"...!"
I get up with a hazy head.
The spot where I was lying looks like a murder scene.

"...Damn, I really..."
...Had my chest pierced?

"...Hah... guh..."
Bearing the pain, I enter the closest classroom.
Moving to the locker with unsteady steps, I take out a mop and a bucket.

"...Huh... what am I doing...?"
I'm still in a panic.
Why do I still think I have to clean up, when I've just met something totally outrageous and been killed instantly? Am I an idiot?

"...Haa... haa... damn, it won't come off..."
...I wipe the floor with the mop.
With unsteady hands, I manage to get the blood wiped off, and pick up any trash lying around and put it into my pocket.
...Maybe I'm destroying the evidence.
I'm still in a daze, so perhaps that's why I'm doing something so absurd.

"...Ah... haa... haa... haa..."
I put back the mop and bucket, and leave the school like a zombie.
...I get hotter as I walk.
The air is so cold, but it feels like my body is burning.

...When I get home, the day has already changed.
There's no one home.
Neither Fuji-Nee nor Sakura is around now.

"...Ah... haa, haa, haa."
I collapse to the floor.
I lie on the ground and finally calm down.
"......"
I take a deep breath.

When I inhale, my heart cries in pain as if cracking apart.
...No, that's wrong.
It wasn't just cracked.
It had a hole in it, but it healed, and the wound tries to open up again when I inhale.

"...So it's true that I was almost killed."
No, that's wrong too.
I wasn't almost killed... I was actually killed.
But I'm still alive in spite of that, because someone saved me.

"...I wonder who it was. I should at least thank them."
Since the person was there, that person might have something to do with them.
But that makes no difference to the fact that the person saved me. I have to thank them one of these days.

"Ah... guh...!"
The moment I let my guard down, the pain returns.
At the same time, I feel like vomiting.
"Ah... hah, guh...!"
I sit up and resist the sickness.
"...Huh..."
I place my hand on my bare chest where the uniform is ripped.
Even though I was saved, I did have a hole in my chest.
That feeling.
Such an unpleasant feeling, a spearhead entering my body, isn't something I can forget easily.
"...Damn, I'll have nightmares about this for a while."
If I close my eyes, it feels like the lance is still in me.
I shake off that illusion and try to calm down.
"...All right, I'm starting to calm down."
The result of all that training every night.
Just taking a few deep breaths clears my mind, and the heat and nausea vanish from my body.

"So, about those guys..."
A man in blue and a man in red.
They looked human, but I don't think they were.

Were they like ghosts or something?
But I've never heard of ghosts with form, able to associate directly with people.
And they were talking too. If they have their own will, it's hard for me to think of them as ghosts.
...I've heard that the only ghosts with a body are spirits, but aren't they shaped differently from humans...?

"...No, that's not the problem."
There's another fundamental problem.

...Those two who were killing each other.
...The murderous burglar that has appeared in the neighborhood.
...The ongoing ominous events in Fuyuki City.

"......"
All I can tell with such thoughts is that it's way out of my league.

"...If Father was still alive..."
Perhaps because the wound on my chest is so vivid, I complain about things I shouldn't.

"...Idiot. I've already decided to do whatever I can, even when I don't understand."
Complaining comes later.
First, I have to decide whether or not it's my concern.
"...!?"

The bell hung from the ceiling rings.
This is a magus's house, even if only a poor one.
There is a boundary field that alerts me when a stranger enters the property.

"A burglar, at a time like this...?"
As I speak, I realize my foolishness.
That can't be it.

With this timing, right after that strange incident, that can't be it.
There's an intruder.
Not a burglar, but an assassin who's here for my life.
Because I remember that guy saying...
'You saw us, so die.'

"......"
The house is filled with silence.
In the silent darkness, the murderous intent I felt at school is slowly drawing closer.

"...!!"
My throat gulps.
I feel a sharp chill running down my spine.
I will be instantly pierced if I move from this room.

"...!!"
I frantically contain the scream about to escape my mouth.
The instant I release it, the assassin will happily jump in and take the opportunity to kill me.

...If that happens, it will be just like before.
Unprepared, I will be pierced by that lance again.

"...Ah... haa, ah..."
The moment I think about it, my breathing goes wild.
Damn it.
I'm ashamed that I'm about to give up my saved life so easily and that I'm afraid.

"Guh."
Gritting my teeth and holding my chest, I try to restrain myself.

I should get used to it.
This is the second time.
This is the second time I'm about to be killed.
That alone is enough to make me want it to end differently from last time. Besides, I'm a magus.
What have I been learning for the past eight years, if I can't even protect my own life?

"...All right, let's do it."
Enough thinking.
Right now, I just have to counter the intruder.

"...First of all, I need a weapon."
Even though I'm a magus, all I can do is "strengthen" something that could be a weapon.
To fight, I need a weapon.
The shed has lots of things that could become weapons, but it's too far away.
If I'm attacked when I leave the living room, it will just be a repeat of what happened earlier.

...It'll be difficult, but I have to find a weapon here.
Something long and thin would be best. My opponent's weapon is a lance, so something like a knife won't do.
It would be great if there were a wooden sword or something, but of course, there's nothing.
If anything here could be weapon, it's...

"Man... only the poster Fuji-Nee left here..."
I'm disappointed.
But despite that, I'm determined even in this hopeless situation.
Things are already as bad as they can be, so they can't get any worse.
So all I have to do is run forward until I run out of energy.

"Trace, on."
With the words that suggest my reconstruction, I channel magical energy into the 60cm long poster.
I have to turn it into something that can repel that lance, so I need to channel magical energy into every corner and solidify it.

"Basic quality, analyze."
I extend my consciousness.
As if soaking my blood into the poster through my skin, I permeate magical energy into it.

"Basic quality, reinforce."
A sense that I've hit the bottom.
Right before the magical energy overflows from it...
"Trace, off."
I cut off all connection with the poster and shudder at the feeling of success.

The poster is now as hard as metal.
But it is as light as it was before, so I couldn't ask for a better sword.

"I... did it."
How many years has it been since I last succeeded the strengthening magic?
It's kind of ironic. The magic I've never been able to achieve since Kiritsugu died is finally working in this kind of a situation.

"Anyways, now..."
I might be able to do something.
I have some knowledge of how to use a sword.
I hold the poster with both hands and stand up.

I'll die anyway if I stay here, and I don't think I would be able to flee even if I escaped this house.
So all I can do is to run straight to the shed and make a stronger weapon.

"Phew."
Come if you're going to come, it won't be like before. And the instant I think that...
"...!"
My whole spine shivers.

When did he arrive?
Appearing from the ceiling, the guy drops straight at me.

"Wha... huh?"
Silver light descends upon me.
The guy that seems to have come straight through the ceiling descends to pierce my head.
"You...!!"
I frantically escape by rolling forward.

He lands softly while I keep rolling.
But I stop rolling and stand with my freshly-made sword in hand.

"......"
He turns to face me, looking bored.

"...You're causing unnecessary troubles. I was being considerate by killing you before you noticed me."
He raises his lance again, seemingly uninterested.

"......"
I don't know why, but he lacks the spirit he had at the schoolground.
In that case, I might be able to outwit him...!

"...Geez. I never thought I'd kill the same person twice in one day. I guess it just means the human world is always filled with bloodshed."
The man is complaining as if he thinks nothing of me.


I slowly move backwards.
It's about three more meters to the window.
Once out the window, it's about twenty meters to the shed.
Then, I can run off this instant...

"See ya. Don't come back this time, kid."
He says blankly, as if sighing it out.

"Ahhh!?"
Pain assails my right arm.
"...?"
It happened in an instant.
The man's lance is thrust, without time for me to react.

...I would have faced my second death with that blow.
But what prevented it was my newly-made sword.
He must have thought it was just paper.
The lance, thrust as if the poster wasn't there, was deflected by it and only skimmed my right arm.

"...Wow. That's a strange technique you've got there."
The man's expression goes away.
His carelessness disappears, and he's now staring at me with beast-like eyes.

"Agh."
I screwed up. I was just being stupidly optimistic when I thought I could do something.
The thing before me is a monster beyond belief.
Painfully, I realize my foolishness for letting my guard down even slightly against him.

...That's right.
If I'd been really desperate, I should have ran frantically to the window as soon as I miraculously avoided his first attack...!

"I thought you were just a kid, but I see... I do feel some magical energy from you, even though it's weak. That must be why you're alive even after I stabbed you through the heart."
He points his lance at me.

"......"
I won't be able to block it.
I can't possibly block that lightning-fast blow.
If his weapon were a sword, I might have been able to at least prepare for it.
But that's a lance.
A sword follows a line, but a lance has a point.
How am I supposed to block a blow from a point that I can't even see coming?

"Good, it looks like I might be able to have a little fun."
The man's body descends.
In that instant...
His lance is swung, sideways.

I block the lance coming at my face with just my instincts.

"Guh...!?"
"Good boy. Here comes the next one...!"

There's a huge whirlwind.
I don't know how he's moving the lance in this small room, but it makes a beautiful arc and...
"...!!!"
...Comes to attack my body from the other side...!

"Gah...!!?"
My constructed sword, moved to stop it, bends.
Is he using a hammer!?
Damn, this numbness feels like I've broken the bones in my arm!

"Damn, you...!"
"Huh?"
I swing the sword instinctively.
He must take me lightly as he hasn't pulled back his lance, so I flick away the shaft with my sword!

"Guh...!"
The arms that hit it go numb.
The sword bends even more, and the man's lance only moves slightly.

"...You're useless. I gave you a chance, but you didn't do anything worthwhile. Well, I guess it's asking too much to expect a good armed fight from a magus..."

The man was just playing with me.
He let me hit him once, since I blocked him twice.
...But I used up my one and only chance for just a makeshift attack.
That's why he sees no point in fighting me anymore.

"You've let me down. I'll just kill you now, kid."
He readies his lance again.
"Say..."
During that small unnecessary movement...
"...What you want, you idiot!"
Without looking behind me, I jump out the window...!

"Haa, haa, ha..."
I break the window with my back and roll outside.
I roll a few times, get up, and....
"Haa!"
Without a thought, I turn and swing behind me.

"Hmh...!"
The man hesitates a moment, as I deflected his lance thrust.
As I expected.
If I jumped out the window, he would definitely come after me.
And he would kill me even before I could get up.

That's why I expected the fatal blow and swung at it.
It was a bold plan. I would have died if it was a second too late or a second too early. But considering the difference in our skill, I could never have been too early.

So all I had to do was get up as fast as possible and swing at what was coming behind me.
The result was perfect. I won my bet and deflected the man's lance...!

"Ha, ah...!"
I quickly regain my balance.
Now, I have to make it to the shed before he recovers!
"...Fly."

"Huh...?"
The man who supposedly had his lance knocked away comes up to me empty-handed and...
...Spins and executes a roundhouse kick.

"......"
The scenery flies past me.
My battered chest is numb and I cannot breathe.
No, what's more surprising is, I'm flying.
I never in my dreams thought that I would be sent flying by a mere roundhouse ki

"Guh...!"
I fall to the ground from my back.
I hit a wall and come crashing down.

"Guha, ah...!"
I can't breathe.
My vision is blurred.
I manage to stand, supporting myself against the wall of my destination, the shed.

"Haa, haa."
I track the man with my blurry vision.
...I must have been kicked twenty meters.
The man approaches, lance in hand.

"Guh...!"
I'll be killed.
I'll definitely be killed.
The man will be here in a second.
If I don't want to die now, I have to get up and face... him...

"......"
The lance comes out at me.
I can't even turn around fully, and my collapsing body faces the man's lance.

"Damn, if you're a man, keep yourself together...!"
How fortunate.
I got lucky as I couldn't hold myself up and my knees collapsed.
The lance goes over my head and hits the door of the shed, opening it.

"Oh..."
So, this is my last chance.
If I go in the shed, there should be something that I could use as a weapon...

"Guh...!"
I enter the shed on all fours.
There...
"Here, this is it!"
A fatal, inescapable blow is thrust.

"Youuuuuuuu!"
And I block it.
I unroll the poster and make it into a one-time shield.

"Hmm...!?"
A huge impact.
The opened-up poster did block the lance, but it was not strong enough. It's pierced through and transforms back into its original paper.

"Ah, Guh...!"
Hit by the impact of the thrust lance, I'm flung to the wall.

"Agh..."
I fall on my butt and recover myself.
When I raise my head to try to find a weapon...
"Checkmate. That was a pretty surprising move, kid."
The man is pointing the lance at me.


This is it.
The man's lance is pointed directly at my heart.
I know this...
This is the smell of death I felt just a few hours ago.

"...But I don't understand. You're quick-witted, but you suck at magic. It seems like you have talent, but I guess you're just too young."

...I can't hear him.
My mind is focused only on the weapon in front of me.
It's only natural.
Because I'll die when that thing is thrust.
So everything else is gone from my mind. What else can I think about now that things have ended up like this?

"It's unlikely, but maybe you were the seventh one.
Well, this is it for you even if that's the case."
The man's arm moves.
The movement I couldn't even see before looks like it's in slow-motion now.

The running silver light.
The spearhead moves straight for my heart.
It will spill blood in the next second.
I know this feeling.
The feeling of metal running into in me...
The taste of blood coming up my throat...
The sense of the world around me disappearing...
I felt all of it earlier.
...And I have to experience it again? Really?
I don't understand. Why do I have to go through this?

...This is bullshit.
I can't accept this. I can't just die here meaninglessly.
I was saved. I was saved, so I can't die so easily.
I have to live and fulfill my obligations. If I die, I can't do that.

But the lance will pierce me.
The spearhead will cut into my flesh and pierce my heart.


It pisses me off.
It's ridiculous to kill someone that easily.
It's ridiculous for me to die so easily.
Dying twice in one day, that's ridiculous as well.
Damn, everything is so screwed up that I can't contain it all and...

"Damn it, I..."
Won't be killed meaninglessly...
by someone like you!!!!!!!

"Huh?"
Truly, it...
"What...!?"
...It appeared like magic.

In a blinding light, it appears from behind me.
My mind stops.
All I know is that the figure who appeared is a girl.

moment it appears, it repels the lance thrust at my heart and steps up to the enemy without hesitation.
"...Can it be!? The seventh Servant..!?"
The man readies his deflected lance, and the girl swings something she is holding.

Sparks fly twice.
A strong swing.
The man hesitates, receiving a heavy blow from the girl.
"Kuh!"
He must have realized he is at a disadvantage, as he jumps out of the shed with bestial speed.
While keeping her guard up against the man, she quietly turns to me.

The wind is strong today.
The clouds drift and the moon appears for a brief moment.
The silver light that shines into the shed lights up the girl in knightly form.

"......"
I'm speechless.
Not because I'm confused by the sudden turn of events.
I'm at a loss for words because of this girl's overwhelming beauty.


The girl stares at me emotionlessly with her jewel-like eyes.
"I ask of you. Are you my Master?"
She says in a valiant voice.

"Huh... Ma... ster...?"
I only repeat back her words.
I don't know who she is or what she's talking about.
All I know is that this small girl is the same kind of being as the man outside.

"......"
The girl says nothing and just stares at me silently.
How can I put this?
The figure in front of me is so special that I forget the situation, that the man outside could come and attack at any second.

It feels like time has stopped just around me.
The fear of death has disappeared and only the girl fills my vision.

"I, Servant Saber, have come forth in response to your summons.
Please give me an order, Master."
She speaks again.
The instant I hear the words Master and Servant...

"...!!"
A pain shoots through my left hand.
It's like a hot iron has been placed on my hand.

I grab my left hand instinctively.
That must have been the signal, as the girl quietly nods her lovely face.

"From this time forth, my sword shall be with you and your fate shall be with me.
Now, our contract is complete."

"Contract? What are you talking about...!?"
Even I have some knowledge of magic. I understand what that word means.
But the girl doesn't answer me and looks away with the same grace she had when she nodded.

She looks at the door of the shed.
       There stands the man, his lance ready in his hand.
...Easily slashes the man in red.
Saber raises her arm to finish him off.
But right before the man in red's neck is slashed, he disappears as a powerful magic is cast.

Saber doesn't stop.
She dashes to the person behind the man in red and easily cuts off the large spell the person launches.

"What the..."
I knew she was strong, but this is overwhelming.
That spell right now was at a level of intervention magic that I cannot even compare with.

Father could use one as strong as that, but to cast a natural intervention of that power instantly... I don't think even a first-class magus could do so.
But Saber nullified even that master-class magic.

The enemy must be a magus, as the match is decided right there.
The magus's attacks are no use against Saber, and she mercilessly attacks the magus.

A sound of someone falling backwards.
The magus has miraculously dodged Saber's blow, but the enemy now cannot move.
Saber corners the enemy and points her invisible sword.

"......"
My mind freezes.
Probably because the moon lights up the scene for an instant.
I can tell that the figure Saber is pointing at is human.
I can't tell who it is, but the image of Saber killing someone and getting splattered with blood pops into my head.

"......"
Saber moves...
She will pierce the enemy's throat with the "thing" in her hand.

"STOP, SABER!!!!!!!"
I scream as loud as I can.
Her sword stops.
Thank God I can't see her sword.
The end of her invisible sword isn't wet with the enemy's blood.

"...Don't. Please don't do it, Saber."
I address her, glaring.
Preparing myself to do my best to stop her.

"Why do you stop me, Shirou? She is Archer's Master. We have to kill her here."
No, Saber has no intention of stopping.
She only stopped because I said so, and she is ready to bring her sword down at any time...!

"I-I'm telling you to wait! You're calling me Master or something, but I don't understand anything at all. If you're going to call me that, I think you should explain things to me first...!"

"......"

Saber doesn't answer.
She only stares at me in silence.

"You're doing this in the wrong order, Saber. I still don't understand who you are. But I'll listen if you talk, so please don't do this."

"......"
Saber is silent.
Still pointing her sword at the fallen enemy, she looks at me discontentedly.

"What do you mean by that?
Are you demanding ideals like not hurting anyone unnecessarily?"

"Huh...?"
Not hurting anyone unnecessarily...?
Well, it is true that we should avoid fights as much as possible, but I'm not so good-natured as to release someone who came to attack me.

"So you are saying... do not take life even if it is that of the enemy, correct? I will not obey such an order. An enemy is someone you must defeat. If you still want me to stop, make me obey with your Command Spell."

"...? I'm talking about you. A girl shouldn't be swinging swords around, all the more so if you're hurt.
...Oh wait, I don't even know if it's a sword or not, huh? Anyway! You're a girl, so you can't do that!"


Saber looks dumbfounded, as if taken aback.

How long were we standing like that?
"...So? When will Saber-san lower her sword?"
The figure on the ground suddenly speaks.

"...!"
Saber suddenly returns to concentrating her attention on her sword.

"Give up. I have no sword to lower in front of an enemy."
"Even if your Master says to lower it?
Wow, so even Saber would betray her Master, huh?"


Saber grits her teeth.
But Saber lowers her sword and relaxes.
Saber's hostility disappears, so she must have put away her sword as well.

"I see. Then I can stand up, right?"
The one on the ground stands up.
She looks shameless, brushing her rear.
...Hey, wait a second.

That sulky person is definitely-WHAAAAAAT...!?

"You, you're Tohsaka...!?"
"Yes. Good evening, Emiya-kun."
Tohsaka Rin replies with a big smile.

"Uh..?"
That gets me.
If she greets me normally like that, everything that happened up to now seems like a dream and... No, my head's about to explode, geez, how easy would things be if it did...!?

"Um, no, well, um... so you were using magic right now, so that means..."
"I'm a magus. Well, we're the same, so it's not something I need to hide."

"Guh..."
When she replies clearly like that, it makes me seem stupid for asking.
"Let's talk inside. You don't know anything, right Emiya-kun?"
So saying, she walks toward the entrance.

"Wait, what are you thinking...!?"
And then...
She turns, and the smile on her face isn't like the previous one.

"Are you stupid? I am thinking about a lot of things. That's why I want to talk to you.
Emiya-kun, it's good to be surprised by sudden turns of events, but it could sometimes cost you your life if you don't just accept it. Incidentally, do you understand that now is one of those times?"
She glares at me.

"...!!"
"It's fine if you understand. So let's go to your place."
Tohsaka goes through the gate.

"...She's really pissed..."
It's only natural.
She had a sword pointed at her until now, and she was almost killed.

"No, but still..."
Is it just my imagination or is she totally unlike how she seems at school?

So, I'm in a strange situation.
In front of me is the school's number one idol whom I admire, Tohsaka Rin.
And following silently behind me is Saber, who calls herself a Servant.

"......"
Oh.
The hallway suddenly feels like a different dimension.

But I can't be a coward forever.
I'm a magus, even if I am just an amateur.
Tohsaka Rin, a magus just like me, is acting so fearlessly, so I have to act firmly too.

...But I can only work out a few things.
First, about Saber, who's following me.
I am sure that she is some kind of a familiar, because she calls me Master and I've made a contract with her.

I hear that a familiar is some kind of an assistant for a magus.
Most magi transfer part of their body into something and summon it as another self.

For the other self, a magus usually uses a small animal.
That's simply because it's easy to take over the mind of something like a cat or a dog.
Some magi use a human as their familiar, but they need enough magical energy to restrain a human at all times if they do such a thing.

But if one constantly uses enough magical energy to control someone, it would take most of the magus' magical energy to sustain the familiar.
But that'd be putting the cart before the horse.
A familiar is something that assists the magus.
To reduce the burden on the magus, it is commonly accepted that small animals are most suitable.
...So I've been taught, but...

"Hm? What is it, Shirou?"
"...No, it's nothing."
...Saber looks human no matter how you look at her. And she is clearly superior to me, her master.
I don't have the magical energy to control such a person, and more than that, I don't have the Magic Circuit to summon a familiar.

"......"
So Saber must be something rather unlike a familiar.
She said she is a Servant.
I don't know what that is, but I think the man called Lancer and the man in red with Tohsaka were the same thing.

Then it must be that Tohsaka is also called a Master.
I just saw her magic skills.
If I am worth half a magus, she is worth about three magi... though of course, there's no point in comparing me to other magi when I can only use the strengthening magic.

Anyway, Tohsaka is an amazing magus.
In any spiritually superior land is a family of magi that looks after that land.
The Emiya family only came to this land in Kiritsugu's generation, so we're just strangers.
That's why I didn't know that Tohsaka was a magus, and I'm sure Tohsaka didn't know that I knew magic.

...There are several magi in this town that I don't know about.
If Lancer is the familiar of another magus in this town, then does it mean that I stuck my head into a conflict between magi?

"Wow, it's pretty big. Japanese-style is unusual for me.
Oh, is that the living room, Emiya-kun?"
Saying so, Tohsaka goes into the living room.
"......"
Let's stop thinking for now.
Let's just listen to Tohsaka's story.

I turn the lights on.
It's already past one in the morning.

"Oh, it's so cold! What's this, the windows are broken?"
"I couldn't help it. I was attacked by this Lancer guy. I was just desperate."
"Oh, I see. Then were you fighting him alone until you summoned Saber?"
"I didn't fight him. He just beat me up."

"Oh, so you don't try to show off, huh? ...I see, I see, you're really just as you appear, Emiya-kun."
Tohsaka walks over to the broken window.

"...?"
Tohsaka takes a piece of the shattered glass, takes a look at it, and...
"Minuten vor Schwei[szlig]en"
She cuts the tip of her finger and puts a drop of her blood onto the glass.

"...!?"
What kind of magic is this?
The shattered glass combines on its own and restores itself in a matter of seconds.

"Tohsaka, that was..."
"It's just a small demonstration. It won't be enough to repay you for saving me, but I have to at least do this much.

...Well, I'm sure you would've fixed it even if I hadn't, but that's just a waste of magical energy, right? All you really have to do is replace the window, but we don't want to talk in this cold, do we?"
She says so as if it's something natural.
But needless to say, her skills are beyond my understanding.

"No, that's amazing, Tohsaka. I can't do that sort of thing, so I'm glad you fixed it."

"Huh? There's no way you can't fix it.
Handling glass is so elementary. Restoring glass that broke a few minutes ago is only like an admission test for any school, right?"

"So that's how it is? I was only taught by my father, so I don't even know the basics or the elementary stuff."
"Huh?"
Tohsaka freezes.
...Dammit. It seems I said something I shouldn't have.

"...Wait. Then you're saying you're just an amateur who can't even run your own workshop?"
"...? I don't have a workshop."
...Well, I do have that shed as my training area, but I think Tohsaka would get mad if I called that my workshop.

"...I think it's impossible, but I'll ask anyway. Could it be that you don't know how to handle the five main elements, or how to make a Pass?"
I honestly admit that I don't know.
"......"
Wow, that's scary.
She's so beautiful usually, so she looks pretty scary now.

"Then what are you, just an amateur?"
"That's not true. I can at least use strengthening magic."
"Strengthening... that's an awfully odd magic. So, you can't do anything other than that?"
Tohsaka glares at me.
"...Well, to be honest, probably not."
Her glare makes my answer vague.

"...Geez. Why did Saber get summoned to a guy like this?"
She sighs.
"Hm."
It makes me mad.
I haven't been playing around. I know I'm an amateur, but I don't think it matters right now.

"Well, I don't care. There's no point in complaining about what's already happened. More importantly, I have to pay back my debt right now."
Tohsaka takes a breath.

"Well, I'll begin.
Emiya-kun, you don't know what kind of situation you're in right now, correct?"
"......"
I nod.

"I thought so. Well, I could tell easily, but I have to confirm, right? It's only putting flab on my mind if I tell someone that already knows about it."
"...?"
I think that was a weird phrase, but I stay quiet as I think she'll beat me up if I make fun of her now.

"To put it bluntly, you have been chosen as a Master.
You have a holy sign on one of your hands, right? On your hand or on your arm. There are personal differences, but there should be three Command Spells engraved. That is the sign of a Master."
"On my hand... oh, this."

"Yes. That is also a spell that rules the Servant, so take care of it. It's called a Command Spell and you can retain control over your Servant as long as you have it."

"...? What do you mean 'as long as I have it'?"
"The Command Spell is an item of unconditional obedience. I think you've already realized that Servants have their own will, but that mark overrules their will and makes them obey your command."

"There's no spell needed to activate it, and it will be activated when you put your mind to using it.
But you'll lose one for every time you use it, so make sure you only use it twice.
If you lose all your Command Spells, you'll be killed, so be careful."

"What... I'll be killed?"
"That's right. It's fundamental in the Holy Grail War for Masters to kill other Masters. And the Master that kills the other six Masters is awarded with the Holy Grail."

"What...?"
H-Hold on.
I don't understand what Tohsaka is talking about at all.
Like the part about Masters killing other Masters.
And the part where the winner gets a Holy Grail... wait, does she mean that Holy Grail...!?

"You still don't understand? To put it simply, you've been dragged into a game.
A survival game between the seven Masters, a game called the Holy Grail War. A battle royale between the Masters that won't end until you kill all other Masters."
Tohsaka Rin states so as if it is the most natural thing in the world.


That phrase swirls in my head.
I have been chosen as a Master.
Tohsaka says she is a Master.
Familiars called the Servants.
And.
A battle to the death between other magi called the Holy Grail War.

"Wait. What is that? What are you talking about all of a sudden?"
"I understand how you feel, but I'm just telling you the truth.
...Besides, you should understand deep down. You should know you're in a situation you can't run away from, having been almost killed by that Servant twice now."


That's...
Certainly, I was almost killed by that Lancer guy, but...

"Oh no, that's wrong. In fact, you weren't almost killed, you were actually killed. I'm surprised you're alive again."

Tohsaka's comment finishes me off.

...That's right.
That guy killed me, and I certainly died.
No excuse nor negotiation was possible. I was just someone who had to be killed.
So...
Even if I do deny this battle to the death that I cannot understand, the others in it will not withdraw.


"Do you get it now? Then I'll go on.
I don't exactly know what the Holy Grail War is.
But I know that every few decades, seven Masters are chosen and given Servants."

"I'm also chosen as a Master. That's why I made a contract with a Servant, and you made a contract with Saber.
Think of the Servant as a familiar, given to you by the Holy Grail to win the Holy Grail War.
And as Masters, we are to work together with our Servant to kill other Masters."

"......"
Tohsaka's description is too brief for me to understand.
But there is one thing I do wonder about.

"...Hold on. You say Saber is a familiar, but I'm not convinced.
Familiars are things like cats and birds, right? Well, I do hear that some use human ghosts, but Saber has a body. Besides, she doesn't look like a familiar."

I glance at Saber.
Saber is quietly listening to our conversation.
...She looks just like a human being.
I don't know her identity, but she's a girl about my age.
Just having a girl like that near me is more than enough, so I don't get it when she tells me that Saber is a familiar... and besides, my heart is pounding right now.

"Familiar, huh...? Well, Servants are in that category, but they are on a different level. Because that girl over there is a Ghost Liner, considered to be the strongest of all familiars."
"Ghost Liner......? Then do you mean she really is a ghost?"

A human ghost that stopped living a long time ago.
The remaining minds of those with strong abilities, who remain in this world even after they die.
But that doesn't make sense.
A ghost doesn't have a body. A ghost can be only hurt by ghosts.
So, as I have a body, a ghost shouldn't be able to kill me.

"A ghost... huh? She's similar, but Saber would kill you if you compared her to one.
Servants are heroes of the past given bodies. Beings surpassing humans, more like spirits."
"Huh? Heroes of the past given bodies?"
"That's right. A legendary hero was pulled from the past or the present or whenever and given a body.

"Well, it's the role of the Master to summon them, and the Holy Grail does the rest.
It's impossible for a magus to give shape to a soul, so we're assisted by a strong Artifact."

"Hold on. So a 'hero of the past' means... what...!?"
I look over at Saber.
Then she's a heroine from the past too?
Well, it's true that nobody would dress like that now, but still...

"That's impossible. I've never heard of any such magic."
"Of course not. This isn't magic. Think of it as a phenomenon created by the Holy Grail. It's impossible to recreate a soul and give it a body without it."
"...Recreation of the soul? Then a Servant isn't a ghost...?"

"No. Haven't you been taught that any humans, animals, or machines that leave any great achievements behind get removed from the ring of reincarnation and sublimate into beings of higher rank?
Heroes are that sort of beings.
To put it simply, they have been worshipped and made into artificial gods."

"'Ghost Magic' such as supplicating ghosts uses heroic spirits to make miracles happen.
But the Servants are familiars of the heroes themselves.
So they accompany you in spirit form, but if need be, you can give them form to make them fight."

"...Hm. So you mean you can give them form or keep them in spirit form?
I don't see your Servant, so he's in spirit form right now?"
"No, he's healing his wounds in the summoning circle at my house right now.
Saber wounded him just now, right? If I hadn't withdrawn him by force, he would have had his head chopped off.

"Look, the only ones who can beat these Servants are other Servants, spirits like them. Well, we can hit them too if they take form, so we might be able to beat them.
But Servants are all strong as monsters, right? So we let monsters deal with monsters. The Master usually supports them from behind."

"...Hm."
Tohsaka's explanation irritates me for some reason.
She calls them monsters. I don't know about the other Servants, but I don't wat her to talk about Saber like that.

"Anyway, someone who becomes a Master must kill all the other Masters using his Servant.
Do you understand it so far?"

"...In words, yes. But I'm not convinced.
To begin with, who started such a thing and why?"

"That's not something I know about, nor should I answer. You should put that kind of question to the one overseeing the Holy Grail War.
The one thing I can tell you is that all you can do now is to fight, and Servants are powerful familiars, so you should use them wisely."

Tohsaka says so, and now turns to Saber.

"So from what I hear from Emiya-kun, you must not be in full form, Saber. You were summoned by an apprentice magus who has no idea how to be a Master."

"...Yes, I am not in full form as you say.
Since Shirou does not have the magical energy to give me form, it will be difficult for me to turn into a spirit or to replenish my magical energy."

"...I'm surprised. I'm surprised that you were in that bad of a state, but I didn't think you'd tell me honestly. I was wondering how I ought to find out your weakness."

"I do not wish to let others know of my weakness, but I do not think I can fool you. It would be meaningless to hide our situation from you.
So it will be better for us to tell you of our situation, and to have Shirou better understand the situation he is in right now."

"Correct. And you have a good personality too. ...Geez, I'm regretting it even more now. If I was your Master, I would have certainly won this war!"
Tohsaka clenches her fists with anger.

"Hmm. Tohsaka, do you mean I'm not fit to be her Master?"
"Of course not, idiot."
Wow. She just said something that any normal person would have trouble saying.

"What? Do you have any more questions?"
And she doesn't realize it.
Her honor student image from school crumbles inside of me.
...Good going, Issei. Tohsaka certainly shows no openings, just like a devil.

"Well. We're done talking, so let's get going."
Tohsaka suddenly says something strange.

"Huh? Go where?"
"We're going to see the guy who knows all about the game you're involved in... the 'Holy Grail War'. You want to know the reasons behind the Holy Grail War, right?"

"Of course. But where is it? It's already late, so..."
"It'll be fine. It's in the neighboring town, so we should be back by dawn if we hurry. And besides, it's Sunday tomorrow, so it should be fine to stay up late."

"No, that's not the problem."
It's just that a lot of things happened today, so I want to have a rest and think about them.

"What, you're not going? ...Well, if you say so. But what about you, Saber?"
Tohsaka asks Saber.
"Hold on, this has nothing to do with Saber. Don't push her."

"Oh, you're already feeling like a Master? You don't want me talking to Saber?"
"T-That's not it! It's just that if what you said is true, then Saber is a heroine from the past, right? So she wouldn't know about this time since she was just summoned.
So..."

"Shirou, that is wrong. Servants can adapt to any time. So I know a lot about this age as well."
"Really?"
"Yes. This is not the first time that I have been summoned in this age."

"Wha...?"
"No way, what are the chances of that...!?"
Hey, Tohsaka is surprised too.
...So that must mean Saber said something incredible.

"Shirou, I agree with her. You lack experience as a Master. As a Servant making a contract with you, I want you to be stronger."
Saber stares at me silently.
...It's a gentle stare that's worried not for herself, but for me.

"...All right. I'll go.
So, where is this place, Tohsaka? It's a place we can come back from, right?"
"Of course. We are heading to Kotomine Church in the neighboring town. That's where the false priest, the one who oversees this battle, is living."

Tohsaka makes an evil smile.
It looks like she's having fun dragging me around while I don't know anything.
"......"
It might be prejudice...
But I'm beginning to feel like there's a problem with her personality....
I won't run away.
Honestly, this Holy Grail War and Master stuff doesn't seem real to me.
But still, if there are only two choices, fighting or running away, I will never run away.
The priest said it too.
If I am a magus, I should be ready.

That is why I must decide.
Even though I'm an amateur, Emiya Shirou is a magus.
If I have decided to become a superhero in the footsteps of Emiya Kiritsugu, whom I've admired all this time

"I will fight as a Master.
If the cause of the fire ten years ago was the Holy Grail War, I can't let it happen again."

As if he likes my answer, the priest smiles with satisfaction.


I take a deep breath.
I have cut away all hesitation.
As a man, I said I will fight.
So from now on, all I have to do is go forward with pride so that I will not go against my word.

"Then I shall approve you as Saber's Master.
In this instant, the Holy Grail War is accepted.
I approve the battle in this town, from now until only one Master remains. Everyone shall follow their pride and compete fully against each other."

The priest's voice echoes heavily through the church.
There is no meaning to that declaration.
Only Tohsaka and I heard the priest's words.
This man merely rang the starting bell as the priest of this church.

"So it's decided. Then I'm going home, but can I ask you a question too?"
"I don't mind. This might be the last time, so I shall answer most questions."

"Then I shall ask. Kirei, you're the one in charge of looking after this, so you should have information on the other Masters. I've followed the Association's rules, so at least tell me what you know."

"That's troubling. I really want to tell you, but I do not know the details either.
Including Emiya Shirou, there are not many legitimate magi this time. There are only two Masters I know about. Three if you include Emiya Shirou."

"Oh, I see. Still, you should know the order they were summoned.
You are the supervisor after all."
"...Hmm. Berserker was first. Caster was second. The rest are pretty much the same. Archer was yesterday, and Saber was summoned a few hours ago."

"I see. Then that means..."
"The Holy Grail War has officially started.
Rin, you are not allowed to come to this church until the Holy Grail War is over. The only time it is permitted is..."

"When I lose my Servant and wish for protection, right? So I pretty much get points deducted if I come here for any other reason."

"That is correct. You may become the victor, but the Church will not ignore the points deducted. They will take the Holy Grail away from you after a boring discussion. That would be the worst case scenario for me."
"You fake priest. A person on the side of the Church supporting the Magic Association?"

"I am serving God. That does not mean I am serving the Church."
"Whatever. That's why you're a fake."

And Tohsaka turns her back to the priest.
After that, she just makes her way to the exit without saying goodbye.

"Hey, is that okay, Tohsaka? He was your fellow pupil, right? So"
Shouldn't there be a more proper farewell?

"I don't care. I rather feel relieved from breaking the ties to him. More importantly, you should leave too. You have no business here now."
Tohsaka walks across the floor without stopping and really leaves.

I sigh and follow her.
And then.
"!"
I feel a presence behind me and turn around.
The priest who was behind me before I knew it, is looking down on me.

"W-What? Do you have anything else to say?"
I back off as I say so.
...Just as I thought, I don't like him.
Maybe we're just incompatible or something, but I can't get myself to like him.

"If you don't have anything to say, I'm going!"
I make my way to the door, trying to escape his stare.

As I go.
"Rejoice, boy. Your wish will finally come true."
The priest says, as if declaring an oracle.

Those words are...
Aren't those the true feelings I haven't yet realized?

"What are you saying, all of a sudden?"
"You should know. Your wish will not come true unless there is a clear evil. Even if it is not something you approve of, a superhero requires a villain to defeat."

"!"
I feel like everything has turned black.
The priest said it.
The greatest wish and the ugliest wish I have are the same.

...Yes, the desire to protect something,...Is, at the same time, none other than the wish for something to violate it.

"Y-You..."
But there's no way I'd wish for something like that.
I don't remember a moment when I've wished for that.
Such an insecure wish...
...Just means the target ideals are inconsistent.
But the priest says as if to pierce my heart, "Good thing you have an enemy now."

"No, you do not have to gloss over it. Your worries are right for a human being."
"!"
I shake off the priest's words and walk to the door.

"Farewell, Emiya Shirou.
This will be my last warning, but take care on your way home.
Your world will change completely from now on.
You are now at the point of kill or be killed. You are now a Master."
Hello! I'm Fujimura Taiga, the instructor of the Tiger Dojo, a dream-like rescue corner that trains people who die easily.
And I'm Ilya, keeping Taiga company out of compassion, even though I don't have to be here.
Daryaaaaaaaa!
Senior student! Your name in this dojo is senior student!
Ouch... throwing me back... the demonic sword, Tora-shinai, is fearsome indeed...
"Tora shinai" has been added to the weapons dictionary.
Huh? Did you hear a weird sound just now?
Nope. Anyways, what is the theme this time, Taiga?
Yes, our topic this time is about the sudden deaths.
It's sudden, but you die easily in "Fate" if you let your guard down.
Everyone basically shows no mercy, so it's proper practice to save every time you reach a choice. Shirou's everyday life is a scramble filled with red lights.
Yeah, Onii-chan is always so unguarded. As I thought, I have to protect him.
Chest.
Ouuuch! Master, that shinai really hurts! Please use a more gentle shinai!
Request denied. A girl like you who kills out of love should run around the dojo three times. At once!
What? I'm against anything tiring.
You don't want this Tiger Stamp!?
Ohh. All right, I'll go.
Well. The cause of your death this time is considering to run away from that very dangerous kid.
It's kill or be killed once you meet her.
Be careful, since a half-hearted choice will bring only death.
Tiger? There's a weird cat near the dojo.
Step on its tail and drive it off.
And don't call me Tiger.
All right. I made it go somewhere.
Very well. Then we are done.
The story is just getting started. Once you get through this trouble, the battle as a Master will finally... start... or maybe it won't start yet...
Which is it?
Hmmm... I guess a bit more training...?

This is a story from a winter five years ago.

It was a night with a beautiful moon.
I wasn't doing anything, just watching the moon with Kiritsugu.
Even though it was winter, the weather wasn't cold.
The corridor was only a little chilly, and it was a good night to enjoy the moon.

Back then, Kiritsugu didn't leave the house much.
Not going outside, he would just laze carelessly around the house.
...I regret it even now, thinking back to it.
Why didn't I notice that it was like the actions of an animal that knows its time of death?

"When I was a child, I wanted to be a superhero."
Suddenly.
That man, himself a superhero in my child's eyes, said that as if yearning for it.

"What? What do you mean by 'wanted'? Did you give up?"
I became angry and asked him.
Kiritsugu laughed apologetically and looked up at the sky.

"Yes, unfortunately. Being a hero is a time-limited thing, and it becomes hard to call yourself that when you grow up. I wish I'd found that out earlier."
I agreed with that.
I didn't know why, but I thought it couldn't be wrong because Kiritsugu said so.

"I see. Then I guess it couldn't be helped."
"Yeah. It really couldn't be helped."
Kiritsugu answers.
So of course, my response was determined.

"Yeah, it can't be helped, so I'll take your place.
It's impossible since you're an adult, but it should be all right for me. Let me take on your dream.

"I'll make it come true."

Before I could finish, my father laughed.
He made a face like he didn't even need to hear the rest.
After breathing in, Emiya Kiritsugu said...
"YeahI'm relieved."
He quietly closed his eyes and his life ended.

Since he looked so peaceful, I thought he would wake up again in the morning, so I didn't disturb him.
Perhaps being used to seeing death factored in too.
Without doing anything, I just looked up at the man who was my father, as he entered a long sleep.

There were no sounds of insects in the garden as it was silent.
In the bright night, I remember only my eyes being hot.
I did not cry out nor did I feel sad.
But I could not stop my tears until the moon sunk.

That is the story from a winter five years ago.
Perhaps I cried ten years worth of tears since after that, there was nothing.

Fuji-Nee's father planned the funeral, and I started living in this house by myself.
Nothing changed even though Kiritsugu was gone.
Emiya Shirou would become a superhero like Emiya Kiritsugu, so there was no time to be playing around.

That's right.
I didn't mention it, but I remember perfectly.
The figure of the man who saved me, who was left to the fire ten years ago.
He held up in his arms an unconscious child, about to die from burns. He became so happy that tears welled up in his eyes, and took the child outside.

From that time, he was the subject of my admiration.
No one saved me.
I couldn't save anyone.
In it all, I was saved, and a person was there to save me.
That's why I decided to become like him.

Become a superhero, so that I could save people and let no one be killed... just like him.
Kiritsugu died peacefully, leaving me his dream of becoming a superhero himself.

It's only natural for a child to succeed their father.
Emiya Shirou must become a superhero and save someone just like the old me.
I swore so as a child.
To fulfill the dream of the man I admired the most.

...But honestly, I don't get it.
What this superhero thing is supposed to be, how to become one, how to make everyone happy like Kiritsugu always said... and I became this thing called a Master and things like the blond-haired girl following me around is confusing my head and really

"......!"
When I open my eyes, I'm in a familiar room.
"What, I'm in my own room?"
As soon as I speak, I start to feel terribly sick.
"...Ugh... it tastes bad... in my mouth..."
I taste blood in my mouth.
Maybe it was filling my mouth, but I breathe in thick air.


I'm not sure why I feel like this.
I feel really sick to my stomach, so I want to go to the bathroom and wash my face.

"All right."
I stand up.
I feel dizzy.
I almost fall and support myself by putting a hand against the wall.
"...Ugh."
The nausea increases when I move.
...No, this is more like pain than nausea.

My body is heavy and it feels like my stomach is turning every time I move. Maybe someone would feel like this if someone poured burning lead into their stomach.
"...Ugh... Imagining that is giving me headaches."
I wipe the sweat off my forehead and wobble out of my room.

"...All right. I feel better now."
I wash my face and wipe the sweat off my body.
"...?"
There are bandages wrapped around my stomach for some reason.
I can't recall anything about them, so I leave them be for now.

"...I'm hungry. I wonder if there are any leftovers..."
Even though my stomach feels terrible, it seems my body wants energy.

"Guh..."
Putting my mind into it, I start to walk along the wall.
I still feel dizzy, and my body feels dull.
"OwOwww"
I walk forward, letting out miserable sounds.
...Really, what did I do before going to bed?
I don't remember any training that could have caused this pain.

I reach the living room.
Sakura and Fuji-Nee must be at school.
There's no breakfast prepared in the living room, and there's none of Fuji-Nee's loudness.
The quiet living room is like a typical Sunday
"Good morning. I'm afraid I came in without asking you, Emiya-kun."
No, it's not.

"Wha!?"
Tohsaka Rin is sitting on a cushion.
Her calmness makes me think I'm the guest in this house and not her.
Yeah, that's why I'm even more surprised.

"......"
I don't know how to answer her, so first of all I sit down.
And then, I take a deep breath and ask,
"Tohsaka, why..."
"Hold on. Could you apologize first? I can't calm down until I hear an apology for last night."
I don't even have time to ask her why she's here.

Tohsaka is glaring at me like she's really mad.
It seems she's really angry about last night, but what happened last night?

"Hold on."
I recall it now.
That's right, why am I so relaxed?
I tried to save Saber and... Berserker blew away my stomach.

"...Ugh."
The nausea returns.
I feel a chill, remembering the feeling of having a hole in my body.
Something in my stomach moves.
It feels really sick.
It feels really sick, but that's definite proof that I'm alive.

Wait, that's weird.
Shouldn't that have been instant death for me?

"That's strange. Why the hell am I alive?"
"Do you remember? The stupid thing you did last night? If you do, then please review your actions."

Tohsaka lets out a humph and criticizes me.
...Huh, that's really annoying.
My head, which was frozen by the fact that Tohsaka is here, finally resumes activity again.

"What are you saying? There was nothing else to do at that time! Oh... well, it does look stupid if you just look at the results, but I was going to do it better.
So it wasn't a mistake."
I protest, glaring at her.

"...Hm."
W-What?
Why is she sighing?

"Didn't I tell you that Servants will disappear if their Master is killed? So it's crazy to try to protect your Servant.

"Look, Saber will disappear if you're killed. If you want to save Saber, think of a way to do so from a safe place.
...Geez, don't you understand that protecting your Servant with your life is just meaningless?"

"It's not that I protected her with my life. I tried to save her, and it just happened to work out like that. I didn't think things would end up like that either."
I did think I would be killed if I went near that monster, but that's a different matter.

"...I see. You seem to be misunderstanding."
As if she's read my mind, she sulks even more.

"Look Emiya-kun. I'll come out and say it, but I didn't take you to the church to help you win.
I was trying to help you stay alive even if you were left on your own. It seems you didn't understand that part of it."

"Help me stay alive...?"
"That's right. You shouldn't take risks if you realize that a loss equals your death. You seem to be someone who would walk out at night by yourself even in a situation like this.
If I threatened you, I thought you wouldn't take risks and you might get through this."

"I see. I didn't notice that."
So that's why she's complaining to me about not realizing that and running at Berserker.

"...? So why are you mad, Tohsaka? It shouldn't bother you if I'm the one that made the mistake."

"Of course it bothers me! You made me worry for a whole night!"

Tohsaka throws out a temper.
...But I see.
I'm honestly happy she's worrying about me.
Looking at the situation, it seems Tohsaka was the one who treated my wound.

"I see. I guess you helped me out. Thank you."
I bow my head to show my thanks and apologize.


"Heh, it's fine if you understand. If you've learned from this, try to act smarter next time."

Tohsaka looks away.
Her gesture is snappy, but it seems she's in a good mood again.

"Then we're done with what happened last night.
I'll go into the main topic, but which do you want to talk about? About last night or about something serious?"

"...?"
Tohsaka starts a conversation as if it's natural to do so.
Her straight-forwardness surprises me, but thinking about it, she's here because she has something to talk about.

If she didn't have business with me, she would have gone home already.
What is it that Tohsaka, my enemy, wants to discuss in her enemy's territory?

I'm interested in that, and I also want to know what happened last night.
It's stupid not to ask, so I

1) Ask about yesterday.
2) Ask about the serious stuff.
3) ...I have a bad feeling about this. I don`t want to hear either.
Even if I'm going to listen to her, I have to know the situation I'm in first.
I have to know where I am before I go somewhere else.
That is the basic principle of a journey.

"I want to know what happened yesterday first."
"That's right. Knowing the current situation comes first. Wow, you're pretty smart."
Tohsaka smiles contently and describes what happened yesterday.

It seems that Berserker left after I fell unconscious.
She tells me that my body started to heal itself, and that it looked fine after about ten minutes.
And she says she brought me here since I didn't regain my consciousness even when my wound had healed, and that's where we are right now.

"The important thing here is that you survived on your own. I did help you, but it was your own power that healed that wound. Don't mistake that part."
"It seems that way from what you told me. So you didn't heal it?"

"Of course not. I can't do anything like revive a dying person any more. Emiya Shirou himself healed his own wounds."

"Hm."
What can I do, now that she said that?
My stomach is certainly healed, but I have doubts about Tohsaka's story.
I can't use healing magic, let alone revival magic.

"Then the cause must be the Servant.
Your Servant must be really powerful, or something went wrong during the summoning. ...Well, I think it's both, but I think some kind of line formed between you two."

"A line? You mean like the karmic line connecting a familiar and a magus?"

"Oh, so you have a working knowledge of familiars?
Then this should be easy to explain. In other words, Emiya-kun and Saber's relationship is not a normal relationship like the one between a normal master and their familiar.

"It looks like Saber has natural healing powers, so some of that may be flowing into you.
Normally, the magus's power flows into the familiar, but in your case, the familiar's power is flowing into you and helping you out."

"...Hmmm. So putting it simply, it's like a river flowing upstream?"
"That's a good way to put it. It is not naturally possible, but I bet Saber's magical energy is so great that it can even change the flow of a river. That's the only reason she is able to go against Berserker with her small size."

"Not naturally possible... then is the relationship between you and Archer that of a normal magus and familiar?"
"Yes. He doesn't listen to much of what I say, but we do still have such a relationship."

"The connection between a Servant and a Master is like that of a gasoline and an engine. We provide the magical energy, and the Servant just uses it.
...Well, I guess there have been some Masters who shared their physical bodies with their Servants to obtain fake immortality. Not dying until their Servants are dead, something like that... Hey, are you listening, Emiya-kun?"

"Huh...? Yeah, I'm listening.
Then, are you saying most wounds on my body will heal even if I don't do anything?"

"Using your Servant's magical energy. I don't know how, but I'm sure the cause is in Saber's materialization. I know you haven't learned the curse of self-healing."
"Of course not. My father never taught me anything that difficult."

"No, I mean that if that's the case, I've nothing to worry about. Don't worry about it, it has nothing to do with you."

"...?"
What is it?
Tohsaka's words are indirect and hard to follow.

"Oh well. Just don't do anything too reckless.
It's good that you survived this time, but you won't survive if you take that kind of wound again. You shouldn't get any optimistic hopes that you'll survive any major wounds."

"I understand. I feel bad about taking damage and having Saber helping me."

"Idiot, that's not the reason. I'm sure you're not just using Saber's magical energy to heal your wounds.
You're definitely using something.
I don't know what it is... your life span, your luck, or your savings account, but you're definitely using something up."
Tohsaka gives a humph once again.
I feel the same way, but...

"Tohsaka, doesn't my savings account have nothing to do with this?"
"Of course it does! Magic uses up your money, so it's something that drains your money the more you use it!
I won't allow myself to be wrong!"
Tohsaka Rin erupts with the fires of personal grudges.

It's strange.
The more I talk with her, the more I understand this is the real Tohsaka Rin, and that the Tohsaka at school is just a mask she puts on.
...No, it's something I had realized already yesterday.

"Well, putting the part about money aside.
I'll be serious, is that all right, Emiya-kun?"
"That's why you stayed here, right? All right, I'll listen."

"Then I'll be direct about it. What are you planning to do from now on?"
She asks directly the one question I don't want to be asked.

...No, that's not it.
It's not that I don't want her to ask me, but I haven't made my mind up yet.
I'm the one who wants to ask, what do I do now.

"...Honestly, I don't know. You say I should fight for the Holy Grail, but I've never been in a fight between magi.
First of all, I"
I want to try to avoid killing people, and most of all

"I'm not interested in something mysterious like the Holy Grail.
I'm not too sure about risking my life for something I don't want."
"I knew you'd say that. You'll be killed by your Servant if you say something like that."

"Wha... Why would I!?"
"Because the Servant's goal is also the Holy Grail.
They can be summoned by the Masters because the condition on their summoning is that they obtain the Holy Grail."

"The most important thing for a Servant is to obtain the Holy Grail.
They obey their Master and risk their life for their Master, because they have a chance of obtaining the Holy Grail.
So just try saying that you don't want the Holy Grail. You can't complain even if they kill you and call you a betrayer."

"...What is that? That's weird, because Servants are what the Master summons, right?
So"

"Do you think a Servant would obey a human for no reward?
The Holy Grail grants the wish of whoever obtains it. The Servant of the Master who obtains it is no exception.
Even the Servants have their own wishes. That is why they respond to the otherwise impossible summoning."

"It's not that the Masters are summoning the Servants to obtain the Holy Grail.
The Servants are answering the Masters' call because they can obtain the Holy Grail."


Servants have their own desires...?
Then, does that mean Saber has a wish she wants the Holy Grail to grant?

"That's why the Servants try to eliminate other Servants even without orders from their Masters. Only one can obtain the Holy Grail. They cannot accept other Masters obtaining the Holy Grail.
Unlike their Masters, they don't have the power to take away the Command Spells. So the only way they can disarm other Masters is to kill them."

"So even if the Master has no intention of fighting, battle is inevitable.
A Master who is attacked by a Servant must fight it off with their own Servant. You heard enough from Kirei to know that this is the nature of the Holy Grail War, right?"

"Yeah, he told me that last night.
But"

That means allowing your Servant to try to kill other Servants.
I thought it would be over if I reached a compromise with other Masters, but if the Servants are ones summoned to obtain the Holy Grail and if it is true that they will not give it up, then a battle between the Servants is inevitable.
...Then...
The girl that fought to protect me is also ready to kill or be killed to obtain the Holy Grail?

"...That's awful. I don't know about this heroic spirit thing, but Saber is human. She was bleeding badly yesterday too."
"Oh, don't worry about that part. There's no life or death for the Servants. Even if Servants are eliminated, they just go back to where they belong. Heroic spirits are a phenomenon. They can't be killed. The only ones that can be killed during a fight are the Masters."

"No, but still..."
Even if it's a temporary death...
There's still the fact that something human-shaped has disappeared from this world.

"What? Are you saying it's murder? Are you still carrying such a sense of justice even though you're a magus?"


Her comment is only natural.
As a magus, death is always right beside me.
I understand it and I'm already prepared for that.
But stillI'm not strong enough to judge people's deaths as good or bad.

"Of course. I won't participate in a fight to the death."
"Oh? So you're just going to wait for the others to kill you? You're ceding the victory to other Masters?"

"That's not it. The point is to survive to the end, right? I don't have any intention of killing others, but I'll have no mercy in a fight to protect myself.
...If the opponent is out to kill me, they won't complain if they are killed in return, right?"

"Oh, so you'll be staying on the defensive. Then you'll just be observing what other Masters are doing, right? So even if someone like yesterday goes around killing everyone, you're going to ignore it?"

Someone like yesterday...?
She must mean that inhuman monster.

Superhuman strength that allows the destruction of a house or two with a single blow...
...Certainly, if that thing wished, this town could be in ruins in just one night.

And on top of that, the problem is that the Servants are normally in spirit form.
Humans can't see those in spirit form.
But since the Servants can affect the real world as spirits, you could call them the most powerful weapon.
With the technology we have now, there are no weapons that can affect a spiritual being.

Our attacks are useless against them, and their attacks can damage us.
It's not just a one-sided game.
Murder by a Servant is like a natural death for normal people.
Death caused by an invisible killer will just be treated as accidental death or suicide.

"What is that? Servantsno, Masters and Servants don't just attack other Masters? Other people have nothing to do with them, right?"
"Yeah, I really wish that was the case. But if it were, you wouldn't need a supervisor like Kirei, would you?"

"I should have said earlier. Servants are spirits. They are already complete, so they don't grow.
But magical energy used as fuel is different.
The more magical energy they have available, the more they can use the powers they had in life.
That part is the same as for us magi... do you understand?"

"I do. So they can use magic repeatedly, right?"

You could say magical energy is the gunpowder to fill a gun, and the magus is the gun itself.
The type of gun depends on the magus's abilities: pistol, rifle, machinegun, shotgun...
Using that metaphor, Servants are cannons.
Using a large amount of gunpowder, they fire a large bullet.

"That's right. Servants aren't given their mana by nature. They act with the magical energy inside them.
We Masters support them, so Servants can only use their powers using their own magical energy plus the magical energy of their Master.

"But that means an amateur Master like you would be no match for other Masters, right?
So there's a loophole... well, I guess you could call it an obvious answer. Servants can supplement their magical energy from other sources.
Servants are spirits, so they can get nourishment from eating things that are like them."

"Hm?"
Nourished by eating things that are like them...?
"Things like them? You mean spirits? But what kind of spirits would they eat?"

"It's a simple answer. Nature spirits obtain power from nature itself.
So where do you think Servants, human spirits, get their power from?"
"Oh."
It is a simple answer.
As we humans eat meat, the human spirits

"Exactly. Usually, they replenish enough magical energy from their Master.
But it's obvious that one gets more magical energy from many people rather than just one person, right?
To put it bluntly, a weak Master makes his Servant eat humans."


"Servants transform human emotions and souls into magical energy.
That is the most efficient way to make your Servant more powerful. There are many Masters who kill humans as sacrifices for their Servant."

"As sacrifices... so you're saying that if a Master didn't care about his methods, he would kill humans to make his Servant stronger?"
"Yes. But I don't think a smart Master would do such a thing."

"You see, even if Servants are powerful, there is a limit to their magical energy capacity. They can't store magical energy over their capacity, so there is a limit to how much they can kill and collect magical energy.
The Association wouldn't ignore you if you went around killing people, and most of all, other Masters might figure out your Servant's abilities and identify them from the cause of death. Not to mention the identity of the Master as well.
It is highly advantageous in the Holy Grail War to keep your identity a secret, so a normal Master should be stingy about using their Servant."

...I see.
Certainly, if nobody knows that you are a Master, there's no danger of other Masters attacking you.
Conversely, if you know who the other Masters are, you could definitely pull a surprise attack on them.
By that theory, there won't be many Masters that would have their Servants attack humans and reveal their identity

"...I'm glad. Then there's no problem. That means Servants won't indiscriminately attack humans without orders from their Master."

"Right. They are heroes, right? Someone who would go out and kill people wouldn't be called a hero in the first placewell, no, I can't really say that for sure.
There are many examples of people becoming heroes just because they were a mass murderer."


Tohsaka makes an ominous comment.
As it seems to be her true feelings rather than just sarcasm, a bit of strain in her personality might be showing.

I'm more interested in why Tohsaka is still here.
"Then I want to hear about the serious matter. I want to know why you stayed here."

"All right. Then I'll ask for your conclusion first."
"...?"
...What is it?
It seemed for a second like Tohsaka was disappointed...

"Then I'll be direct about it. What are you planning to do from now on?"
She asks directly the one question I don't want to be asked.

...No, that's not it.
It's not that I don't want her to ask me, but I haven't made my mind up yet.
I'm the one who wants to ask, what do I do now.

"...Honestly, I don't know. You say I should fight for the Holy Grail, but I've never been in a fight between magi.
First of all, I"
I want to try to avoid killing people, and most of all

"I'm not interested in something mysterious like the Holy Grail.
I'm not too sure about risking my life for something I don't want."
"I knew you'd say that. You'll be killed by your Servant if you say something like that."

"Wha... Why would I!?"
"Because the Servant's goal is also the Holy Grail.
They can be summoned by the Masters because the condition on their summoning is that they obtain the Holy Grail."

"The most important thing for a Servant is to obtain the Holy Grail.
They obey their Master and risk their life for their Master, because they have a chance of obtaining the Holy Grail.
So just try saying that you don't want the Holy Grail. You can't complain even if they kill you and call you a betrayer."

"...What is that? That's weird, because Servants are what the Master summons, right?
So"

"Do you think a Servant would obey a human for no reward?
The Holy Grail grants the wish of whoever obtains it. The Servant of the Master who obtains it is no exception.
Even the Servants have their own wishes. That is why they respond to the otherwise impossible summoning."

"It's not that the Masters are summoning the Servants to obtain the Holy Grail.
The Servants are answering the Masters' call because they can obtain the Holy Grail."


Servants have their own desires...?
Then, does that mean Saber has a wish she wants the Holy Grail to grant?

"That's why the Servants try to eliminate other Servants even without orders from their Masters. Only one can obtain the Holy Grail. They cannot accept other Masters obtaining the Holy Grail.
Unlike their Masters, they don't have the power to take away the Command Spells. So the only way they can disarm other Masters is to kill them."

"So even if the Master has no intention of fighting, battle is inevitable.
A Master who is attacked by a Servant must fight it off with their own Servant. You heard enough from Kirei to know that this is the nature of the Holy Grail War, right?"

"Yeah, he told me that last night.
But"

That means allowing your Servant to try to kill other Servants.
I thought it would be over if I reached a compromise with other Masters, but if the Servants are ones summoned to obtain the Holy Grail and if it is true that they will not give it up, then a battle between the Servants is inevitable.
...Then...
The girl that fought to protect me is also ready to kill or be killed to obtain the Holy Grail?

"...That's awful. I don't know about this heroic spirit thing, but Saber is human. She was bleeding badly yesterday too."
"Oh, don't worry about that part. There's no life or death for the Servants. Even if Servants are eliminated, they just go back to where they belong. Heroic spirits are a phenomenon, so they can't be killed. The only ones that can be killed during a fight are the Masters."

"No, but still..."
Even if it's a temporary death...
There's still the fact that something human-shaped has disappeared from this world.

"What? Are you saying it's murder? Are you still carrying such a sense of justice even though you're a magus?"


Her comment is only natural.
As a magus, death is always right beside me.
I understand it and I'm already prepared for that.
But stillI'm not strong enough to judge people's deaths as good or bad.

"Of course. I won't participate in a fight to the death."
"Oh? So you're just going to wait for the others to kill you? You're ceding the victory to other Masters?"

"That's not it. The point is to survive to the end, right? I don't have any intention of killing others, but I'll have no mercy in a fight to protect myself.
...If the opponent is out to kill me, they won't complain if they are killed in return, right?"

"Oh, so you'll be staying on the defensive. Then you'll just be observing what other Masters are doing, right? So even if someone like yesterday goes around killing everyone, you're going to ignore it?"

Someone like yesterday...?
She must mean that inhuman monster.

Superhuman strength that allows the destruction of a house or two with a single blow...
...Certainly, if that thing wished, this town could be in ruins in just one night.

And on top of that, the problem is that the Servants are normally in spirit form.
Humans can't see those in spirit form.
But since the Servants can affect the real world as spirits, you could call them the most powerful weapon.
With the technology we have now, there are no weapons that can affect a spiritual being.

Our attacks are useless against them, and their attacks can damage us.
It's not just a one-sided game.
Murder by a Servant is like a natural death for normal people.
Death caused by an invisible killer will just be treated as accidental death or suicide.

"What is that? Servantsno, Masters and Servants don't just attack other Masters? Other people have nothing to do with them, right?"
"Yeah, I really wish that was the case. But if it were, you wouldn't need a supervisor like Kirei, would you?"

"I should have said earlier that Servants are spirits. They are already complete, so they don't grow.
But magical energy used as fuel is different.
The more magical energy they have available, the more they can use the powers they had in life.
That part is the same as for us magi... do you understand?"

"I do. So they can use magic repeatedly, right?"

You could say magical energy is the gunpowder to fill a gun, and the magus is the gun itself.
The type of gun depends on the magus's abilities: pistol, rifle, machinegun, shotgun...
Using that metaphor, Servants are cannons.
Using a large amount of gunpowder, they fire a large bullet.

"That's right. Servants aren't given their mana by nature. They act with the magical energy inside them.
We Masters support them, so Servants can only use their powers using their own magical energy plus the magical energy of their Master."

"But that means an amateur Master like you would be no match for other Masters, right?
So there's a loophole... well, I guess you could call it an obvious answer. Servants can supplement their magical energy from other sources.
Servants are spirits, so they can get nourishment from eating things that are like them."

"Hm?"
Nourished by eating things that are like them...?
"Things like them? You mean spirits? But what kind of spirits would they eat?"

"It's a simple answer. Nature spirits obtain power from nature itself.
So where do you think Servants, human spirits, get their power from?"
"Oh."
It is a simple answer.
As we humans eat meat, the human spirits

"Exactly. Usually, they replenish enough magical energy from their Master.
But it's obvious that one gets more magical energy from many people rather than just one person, right?
To put it bluntly, a weak Master makes his Servant eat humans."


"Servants transform human emotions and souls into magical energy.
That is the most efficient way to make your Servant more powerful. There are many Masters who kill humans as sacrifices for their Servant."

"As sacrifices... so you're saying that if a Master didn't care about his methods, he would kill humans to make his Servant stronger?"
"Yes. But I don't think a smart Master would do such a thing."

"You see, even if Servants are powerful, there is a limit to their magical energy capacity. They can't store magical energy over their capacity, so there is a limit to how much they can kill and collect magical energy.
The Association wouldn't ignore you if you went around killing people, and most of all, other Masters might figure out your Servant's abilities and identify them from the cause of death. Not to mention the identity of the Master as well.
It is highly advantageous in the Holy Grail War to keep your identity a secret, so a normal Master should be stingy about using their Servant."

...I see.
Certainly, if nobody knows that you are a Master, there's no danger of other Masters attacking you.
Conversely, if you know who the other Masters are, you could definitely pull a surprise attack on them.
By that theory, there won't be many Masters that would have their Servants attack humans and reveal their identity

"...I'm glad. Then there's no problem. That means Servants won't indiscriminately attack humans without orders from their Master."

"Right. They are heroes, right? Someone who would go out and kill people wouldn't be called a hero in the first placewell, no, I can't really say that for sure.
There are many examples of people becoming heroes just because they were a mass murderer."


Tohsaka makes an ominous comment.
As it seems to be her true feelings rather than just sarcasm, I guess Tohsaka is a realist.

"Anyways, that's what I wanted to confirm.
Now you know what kind of beings Servants are, right?
Masters aren't the only ones trying to win the Holy Grail War. As you've entered this battle, you have an obligation to command your Servant."


...An obligation to command my Servant.
So I can't allow my own Servant or other Servants to attack innocent people

"So, you understand your situation?
Now, about your body. Do you remember what happened to you after that?"

"No, no memory of anything, I..."
I ran towards Saber and got my stomach blown away by Berserker.
I lost consciousness then, and I don't know anything about last night nor why I'm alive.

"...Heh, that's what I thought. Before I continue, I'll explain what happened."
With an unpleasant sigh, Tohsaka starts to describe what happened yesterday.

It seems that Berserker left after I fell unconscious.
She tells me that my body started to heal itself, and that it looked fine after about ten minutes.
And she says she brought me here, since I didn't regain my consciousness even when my wound had healed, and that's where we are right now.

"The important thing here is that you survived on your own. I did help you, but it was your own power that healed that wound. Don't mistake that part."[l]

"It sounds like a lie...
...Then, you didn't heal it?"

"Of course not. I can't do something like reviving a dying person any more. Emiya Shirou himself healed his own wounds."

"Hm."
What can I do, now that she said that?
My stomach is certainly healed, but I have doubts about Tohsaka's story.
I can't use healing magic, let alone revival magic.

"Then the cause must be the Servant.
Your Servant must be really powerful, or something went wrong during the summoning. ...Well, I think it's both, but I think some kind of line formed between you two."

"A line? You mean like the karmic line connecting a familiar and a magus?"

"Oh, so you have a working knowledge of familiars?
Then this should be easy to explain. In other words, Emiya-kun and Saber's relationship is not a normal relationship like that between a normal master and their familiar.

"It looks like Saber has natural healing powers, so some of that may be flowing into you.
Normally, the magus's power flows into the familiar, but in your case, the familiar's power is flowing into you and helping you out."

"...Hmmm. So, put simply, it's like a river flowing upstream?"
"That's a good way to put it. It is not naturally possible, but I bet Saber's magical energy is so great that it can even change the flow of a river. That's the only reason she is able to go against Berserker with her small size."

"Not naturally possible... then is the relationship between you and Archer that of a normal magus and familiar?"
"Yes. He doesn't listen to much of what I say, but we do still have such a relationship."

"The connection between a Servant and a Master is like that of a gasoline and an engine. We provide the magical energy, and the Servant just uses it.
...Well, I guess there have been some Masters who shared their physical bodies with their Servants to obtain fake immortality. Not dying until their Servants are dead, something like that... Hey, are you listening, Emiya-kun?"

"Huh...? Yeah, I'm listening.
Then, are you saying most of the wounds on my body will heal even if I don't do anything?"

"Using your Servant's magical energy. I don't know how, but I'm sure the cause is in Saber's materialization. I know you haven't learned the curse of self-healing."
"Of course not. My father never taught me anything that difficult."

"No, I mean that if that's the case, I've nothing to worry about. Don't worry about it, it has nothing to do with you."

"...?"
What is it?
Tohsaka's words are indirect and hard to follow.

"Oh well. Just don't do anything too reckless.
It's good that you survived this time, but you won't survive if you take that kind of a wound again. You shouldn't get any optimistic hopes that you'll survive any major wounds."

"I understand. I feel bad about taking damage and having Saber helping me."

"Idiot, that's not the reason. I'm sure you're not just using Saber's magical energy to heal your wounds.
You're definitely using something.
I don't know what it is... your life span, or your luck, or your savings account, but you're definitely using something up."
Tohsaka gives a humph once again.
I feel the same way, but...

"Tohsaka, doesn't my savings account have nothing to do with this?"
"Of course it's connected! Magic uses up your money, so it's something that drains your money the more you use it!
I won't allow myself to be wrong!"
Tohsaka Rin erupts with the fires of personal grudges.

It's strange.
The more I talk with her, the more I understand this is the real Tohsaka Rin, and that the Tohsaka at school is just a mask she puts on.
...No, it's something I had realized already yesterday.
"......"
Hmm... I don't think either of the stories can be good.

"Hm? Why are you silent? It shouldn't take that much thought."
"Shouldn't it? I feel like you'd get mad if I asked you about either one, so I don't want to hear either."
I cross my arms and offer my honest feelings.


Oh.
Crap, it feels like I've just poked a sleeping dragon awake.

"...T-Tohsaka...? You look really dreadful..."
Something like a terrible wrath...?

"Oh? What do you mean by a dreadful face? I'll ask you just in case, but did I look angry to you?"
I-It felt more like dangerous...!

"Um, well... I think I saw a vein in your forehead for a second, though maybe it was my imagination..."
I answer the intense smile in bits and pieces.

"Ohhh. So that's how I looked to you? So you must think I'm angry?"
"Uh... um, are you angry, Tohsaka...?"

"Of course I am!!!!!!!
Out of all things, you don't want to hear either!?
Do you have any idea of the situation you're in, you idiot!?"

Tohsaka roars like a beast.
"Uh, um..."
I want to escape from that coercion, but...

"Don't run! Just sit there, Japanese-style!"
"!"
I automatically straighten my back and sit down.

"Um. Tohsaka, why Japanese-style?"
"It's obvious, right!? So I can dictate to you!
It seems your head's still asleep, so stay like that until you wake up!"

"......"
Tohsaka is seriously angry.
I feel like she's going to bite my head off if I disobey, so I nod.
I'm facing a beast.
I think it's best to play dead in front of a raging beast, or something like that...

"Hmph. First, I'll tellbout the current situation. I'll explain what happened last night."
So, Tohsaka tells me what happened last night.

It seems that Berserker left after I fell unconscious.
She tells me that my body started to heal itself, and that it looked fine after about ten minutes.
And she says she brought me here since I didn't regain my consciousness even when my wound had healed, and that's where we are right now.

"The important thing here is that you survived on your own. I did help you, but it was your own power that healed that wound. Don't mistake that part."
"It seems that way from what you told me. So you didn't heal it?"

"Of course not. I can't do anything like revive a dying person any more. Emiya Shirou himself healed his own wounds."

"Hm."
What can I do, now that she said that?
My stomach is certainly healed, but I have doubts about Tohsaka's story.
I can't use healing magic, let alone revival magic.

"Then the cause must be the Servant.
Your Servant must be really powerful, or something went wrong during the summoning. ...Well, I think it's both, but I think some kind of line formed between you two."

"A line? You mean like the karmic line connecting a familiar and a magus?"

"Oh, so you have a working knowledge of familiars?
Then this should be easy to explain. In other words, Emiya-kun and Saber's relationship is not a normal relationship like the one between a normal master and their familiar.

"It looks like Saber has natural healing powers, so some of that may be flowing into you.
Normally, the magus's power flows into the familiar, but in your case, the familiar's power is flowing into you and helping you out."

"...Hmmm. So putting it simply, it's like a river flowing upstream?"
"That's a good way to put it. It is not naturally possible, but I bet Saber's magical energy is so great that it can even change the flow of a river. That's the only reason she is able to go against Berserker with her small size."

"Not naturally possible... then is the relationship between you and Archer that of a normal magus and familiar?"
"Yes. He doesn't listen to much of what I say, but we do still have such a relationship."

"The connection between a Servant and a Master is like that of a gasoline and an engine. We provide the magical energy, and the Servant just uses it.
...Well, I guess there have been some Masters who shared their physical bodies with their Servants to obtain fake immortality. Not dying until their Servants are dead, something like that... Hey, are you listening, Emiya-kun?"

"Huh...? Yeah, I'm listening.
Then, are you saying most of the wounds on my body will heal even if I don't do anything?"

"Using your Servant's magical energy. I don't know how, but I'm sure the cause is in Saber's materialization. I know you haven't learned the curse of self-healing."
"Of course not. My father never taught me anything that difficult."

"No, I mean that if that's the case, I've nothing to worry about. Don't worry about it, it has nothing to do with you."

"...?"
What is it?
Tohsaka's words are indirect and hard to follow.

"Oh well. Just don't do anything too reckless.
It's good that you survived this time, but you won't survive if you take that kind of wound again. You shouldn't get any optimistic hopes that you'll survive any major wounds."

"I understand. I feel bad about taking damage and having Saber helping me."

"Idiot, that's not the reason. I'm sure you're not just using Saber's magical energy to heal your wounds.
You're definitely using something.
I don't know what it is... your life span, your luck, or your savings account, but you're definitely using something up."
Tohsaka gives a humph once again.
I feel the same way, but...

"Tohsaka, doesn't my savings account have nothing to do with this?"
"Of course it does! Magic uses up your money, so it's something that drains your money the more you use it!
I won't allow myself to be wrong!"
Tohsaka Rin erupts with the fires of personal grudges.

It's strange.
The more I talk with her, the more I understand this is the real Tohsaka Rin, and that the Tohsaka at school is just a mask she puts on.
...No, it's something I had realized already yesterday.

"Well, putting the part about money aside.
I'll be serious, is that all right, Emiya-kun?"
"That's why you stayed here, right? All right, I'll listen."

"Then I'll be direct about it. What are you planning to do from now on?"
She asks directly the one question I don't want to be asked.

...No, that's not it.
It's not that I don't want her to ask me, but I haven't made my mind up yet.
I'm the one who wants to ask, what do I do now.

"...Honestly, I don't know. You say I should fight for the Holy Grail, but I've never been in a fight between magi.
First of all, I"
I want to try to avoid killing people, and most of all

"I'm not interested in something mysterious like the Holy Grail.
I'm not too sure about risking my life for something I don't want."
"I knew you'd say that. You'll be killed by your Servant if you say something like that."

"Wha... Why would I!?"
"Because the Servant's goal is also the Holy Grail.
They can be summoned by the Masters because the condition on their summoning is that they obtain the Holy Grail."

"The most important thing for a Servant is to obtain the Holy Grail.
They obey their Master and risk their life for their Master, because they have a chance of obtaining the Holy Grail.
So just try saying that you don't want the Holy Grail. You can't complain even if they kill you and call you a betrayer."

"...What is that? That's weird, because Servants are what the Master summons, right?
So"

"Do you think a Servant would obey a human for no reward?
The Holy Grail grants the wish of whoever obtains it. The Servant of the Master who obtains it is no exception.
Even the Servants have their own wishes. That is why they respond to the otherwise impossible summoning."

"It's not that the Masters are summoning the Servants to obtain the Holy Grail.
The Servants are answering the Masters' call because they can obtain the Holy Grail."


Servants have their own desires...?
Then, does that mean Saber has a wish she wants the Holy Grail to grant?

"That's why the Servants try to eliminate other Servants even without orders from their Masters. Only one can obtain the Holy Grail. They cannot accept other Masters obtaining the Holy Grail.
Unlike their Masters, they don't have the power to take away the Command Spells. So the only way they can disarm other Masters is to kill them."

"So even if the Master has no intention of fighting, battle is inevitable.
A Master who is attacked by a Servant must fight it off with their own Servant. You heard enough from Kirei to know that this is the nature of the Holy Grail War, right?"

"Yeah, he told me that last night.
But"

That means allowing your Servant to try to kill other Servants.
I thought it would be over if I reached a compromise with other Masters, but if the Servants are ones summoned to obtain the Holy Grail and if it is true that they will not give it up, then a battle between the Servants is inevitable.
...Then...
The girl that fought to protect me is also ready to kill or be killed to obtain the Holy Grail?

"...That's awful. I don't know about this heroic spirit thing, but Saber is human. She was bleeding badly yesterday too."
"Oh, don't worry about that part. There's no life or death for the Servants. Even if Servants are eliminated, they just go back to where they belong. Heroic spirits are a phenomenon. They can't be killed. The only ones that can be killed during a fight are the Masters."

"No, but still..."
Even if it's a temporary death...
There's still the fact that something human-shaped has disappeared from this world.

"What? Are you saying it's murder? Are you still carrying such a sense of justice, even though you're a magus?"


Her comment is only natural.
As a magus, death is always right beside me.
I understand it and I'm already prepared for that.
But stillI'm not strong enough to judge people's deaths as good or bad.

"Of course. I won't participate in a fight to the death."
"Oh? So you're just going to wait for the others to kill you? You're ceding the victory to other Masters?"

"That's not it. The point is to survive to the end, right? I don't have any intention of killing others, but I'll have no mercy in a fight to protect myself.
...If the opponent is out to kill me, they won't complain if they are killed in return, right?"

"Oh, so you'll be staying on the defensive. Then you'll just be observing what other Masters are doing, right? So even if someone like yesterday goes around killing everyone, you're going to ignore it?"

Someone like yesterday...?
She must mean that inhuman monster.

Superhuman strength that allows the destruction of a house or two with a single blow...
...Certainly, if that thing wished, this town could be in ruins in just one night.

And on top of that, the problem is that the Servants are normally in spirit form.
Humans can't see those in spirit form.
But since the Servants can affect the real world as spirits, you could call them the most powerful weapon.
With the technology we have now, there are no weapons that can affect a spiritual being.

Our attacks are useless against them, and their attacks can damage us.
It's not just a one-sided game.
Murder by a Servant is like a natural death for normal people.
Death caused by an invisible killer will just be treated as accidental death or suicide.

"What is that? Servantsno, Masters and Servants don't just attack other Masters? Other people have nothing to do with them, right?"
"Yeah, I really wish that was the case. But if it were, you wouldn't need a supervisor like Kirei, would you?"

"I should have said earlier that Servants are spirits. They are already complete, so they don't grow.
But magical energy used as fuel is different.
The more magical energy they have available, the more they can use the powers they had in life.
That part is the same as for us magi... do you understand?"

"I do. So they can use magic repeatedly, right?"

You could say magical energy is the gunpowder to fill a gun, and the magus is the gun itself.
The type of gun depends on the magus's abilities: pistol, rifle, machinegun, shotgun...
Using that metaphor, Servants are cannons.
Using a large amount of gunpowder, they fire a large bullet.

"That's right. Servants aren't given their mana by nature. They act with the magical energy inside them.
We Masters support them, so Servants can only use their powers using their own magical energy plus the magical energy of their Master."

"But that means an amateur Master like you would be no match for other Masters, right?
So there's a loophole. Well, I guess you could call it an obvious answer. Servants can supplement their magical energy with other sources.
Servants are spirits, so they can get nourishment from eating things that are like them."

"Hm?"
Nourished by eating things that are like them...?
"Things like them? You mean spirits? But what kind of spirits would they eat?"

"It's a simple answer. Nature spirits obtain power from nature itself.
So where do you think Servants, human spirits, get their power from?"
"Oh."
It is a simple answer.
As we humans eat meat, the human spirits

"Exactly. Usually, they replenish enough magical energy from their Master.
But it's obvious that one gets more magical energy from many people rather than just one person, right?
To put it bluntly, a weak Master makes his Servant eat humans."


"Servants transform human emotions and souls into magical energy.
That is the most efficient way to make your Servant more powerful. There are many Masters who kill humans as sacrifices for their Servant."

"As sacrifices... so you're saying that if a Master didn't care about his methods, he would kill humans to make his Servant stronger?"
"Yes. But I don't think a smart Master would do such a thing."

"You see, even if Servants are powerful, there is a limit to their magical energy capacity. They can't store magical energy over their capacity, so there is a limit to how much they can kill and collect magical energy.
The Association wouldn't ignore you if you went around killing people, and most of all, other Masters might figure out your Servant's abilities and identify them from the cause of death. Not to mention the identity of the Master as well.
It is highly advantageous in the Holy Grail War to keep your identity a secret, so a normal Master should be stingy about using their Servant."

...I see.
Certainly, if nobody knows that you are a Master, there's no danger of other Masters attacking you.
Conversely, if you know who the other Masters are, you could definitely pull a surprise attack on them.
By that theory, there won't be many Masters that would have their Servants attack humans and reveal their identity

"...I'm glad. Then there's no problem. That means Servants won't indiscriminately attack humans without orders from their Master."

"Right. They are heroes, right? Someone who would go out and kill people wouldn't be called a hero in the first placewell, no, I can't really say that for sure.
There are many examples of people becoming heroes just because they were a mass murderer."


Tohsaka makes an ominous comment.
As it seems to be her true feelings rather than just sarcasm, a bit of strain in her personality might be showing.
"Let's get back to the conversation. So, what are you going to do?
Since you don't want to kill people, you're just going to watch, is that right?"

...I take back what I said.
She really has a bad personality. She's a real bully, putting me on the spot and asking me that with a smile.

"I'll just have to stop them. The Masters will calm down once they lose their Servants, right?"
"Unbelievable. You say you won't go out and kill other Masters, but you also say you'll kill them if they do anything bad.
Emiya-kun, do you realize you're contradicting yourself?"

"Yeah, I know it's selfish, but I can't think of any other choices. I won't change my decision no matter how much you argue against it."

"Hmm. But there's one problem with that. Can I tell you what it is?"
She's plotting something. With that face, she's definitely plotting something.
But as a man, I have to listen.

"O-Okay. What is it?"
"Do you remember the Master yesterday? The girl who was talking about killing you and me."

How can I forget? They attacked us mercilessly.

"That girl will come and kill us. I think you know that too."

I... see.
That girl is a Master too.

Since she knows Tohsaka and I are Masters, she will come and attack us someday.
I don't know if it'll be today or tomorrow, but I do know it's a death sentence.
At least, I know I can't stop such a monster.

"Her Servant, Berserker, is on a different level.
You can't match it, being an inexperienced Master. You say you won't do anything except defend yourself, but you won't even be able to do that."

"Sorry. But you wouldn't be able to beat it either, right?"

"I wouldn't be able to beat it head on. It's the most powerful Servant in hand-to-hand combat. I don't think any previous Servant could match it. Even I wouldn't be able to escape if Berserker attacked me."

"...I feel the same way. I don't think I'll get another chance if it attacks me again."

Unconsciously, I place my hand on my stomach.
The wound on my stomach is healed now.
No, you couldn't call it a wound. It was pretty much instant death.
My nausea returns just at the thought of taking another blow like that.

"That's right. Do you get it? You can't choose to wait until the Holy Grail War is over without doing anything."

"...Yeah, I get it. But what are you trying to say? I don't quite understand.
You're not having fun watching me being condemned to death, right? ...Uh, or are you?"

"I don't have such bad taste.
Geez, don't you get it after I've said so much? In short, I'm asking you if you want to join up with me."

"...?"
Hm? Hmmmm, hm?
Um, if I take that at face value, that's...

"Join up!? You mean, me and Tohsaka!?"
"Yes. My Archer received a fatal wound and is healing right now. It will take a while for him to heal fully, but he should still be about half as useful.
And there are no problems with your Servant, but her Master is dragging her down, so she is half as useful as well. See, it adds up fine."

"Huh. I'm not that bad."
"Even though you've almost died three times from what I know of? I think you're the first person I've ever seen almost die three times in one day."

"Guhbut that's..."
"I'll compensate you for the alliance. I'll forgive you for beating Archer and I'll teach you about being a Master. Oh, and if we have time, I can look at your skills as a magus. How about it?"

...Ugh.
That certainly is an attractive proposal.
As I don't know anything, Tohsaka would be a reliable teacher.

And if I can help it, I don't want to fight against Tohsaka.
Not because she's the girl I admired at school.
In fact, if I didn't know her like this, I wouldn't have felt this much resistance.

...The Tohsaka Rin in front of me is so different from how people describe her as an honor student.
But talking to her, she is just Tohsaka and it seems she's just as she appears.
Wellin other words, I'm saying I find her so much more attractive this way that I'm wondering why I even have to tell myself this

"Emiya-kun? I want to hear your answer."
She urges my response.
I

1) ...All right. Let`s cooperate.
2) ...I`m sorry, but I can`t.
"......"
It should be something I don't even need to think about.
I'm a novice, and Tohsaka is at her full potential as a Master and a magus.
Considering the events yesterday, it'd be smarter to join up with Tohsaka.
But

"Emiya-kun. I want to hear your response."
"......"
I feel like I'm being too hasty joining up with someone right now.
I don't think Tohsaka is out to trick me, but I should figure out the situation first.
Or else, I won't be able to judge what's right and what's wrong.

"I'm sorry, Tohsaka.
I'm glad you're worried about me, but I can't give you the response you want. This is a serious matter, you know? I feel I shouldn't rush to a decision."

I look directly back at her and answer.
Tohsaka narrows her eyes a bit and nods emotionlessly.

"Then the negotiation has failed. ...Well, you have a point too. If you really do want to win, you can't trust anyone."

"That's not it. I trust you, Tohsaka. It's just that I can't decide on my own. If I'm Saber's Master, I can't make a promise without her consent."

"I see. That is true. You are a Master now."

Giving a nod of understanding, Tohsaka turns away.
She leaves, her hair fluttering behind her.

And the girl who could have been my ally turns, and...
"Goodbye. We will be enemies the next time we meet."
...Like the girl Ilya, leaves a cold warning.

"Alright."
I take a quick breath and consider my current situation.
I haven't had time to sit down and think since the incident last nightwhen I saw the battle between Lancer and Archer.

I had my chest pierced by Lancer, returned home after I was somehow saved, I was attacked once again by Lancer, and
"I was saved by Saber and became a Master."
What I heard at the church.
The murderous battle called the Holy Grail War.
The Holy Grail that grants any wish, supposedly given to the winner.

There are many things I don't know about, but I definitely have a guide.
"Yeah, I need to go and talk to Saber first."

I look around the house.
I look around where someone could be, all the guest rooms, but I cannot find Saber.

"That's weird... she's in that outfit, so you'd think it'd be easy to find her."

Even saying that, I can't find Saber anywhere.
It seems Servants can become spirits, but I can't do that.
No, first of all

"Even though they call me a Master, I don't know anything about her."

I don't understand who she is or how she exists.
The only thing I understand is...
No matter how superior their existence may be, they still get hurt in a fight and they bleed if they are wounded.

"Oh."
Saber is in the silent dojo.
Her appearance is different from yesterday's.
Sitting in a Japanese-style on the wooden floor, she is not wearing her armor.
She has changed into refined clothes that suit her well, and is sitting silently.


...I lose my voice at the figure.
With her back straight and sitting Japanese-style with her eyes closed, Saber looks beautiful.
Her state, melting into the silence, reminds me of pure water.


And that removes the last doubts within me.
Even if she is a Servant, I think she is holy.
SoI should not follow a wrong path with her.

"Saber."
I call out.
Saber slowly opens her eyes and returns my gaze.

"You are awake, Shirou."
A calm voice.
Her voice, echoing through the dojo as if permeating it, is surprisingly suited to this place.

"Yeah. I just got up. What were you doing here?"
"I was resting. I cannot treat you, so I thought I would get myself into perfect condition."

"!"
Saber says so while looking at me.
...Well, um...
I feel a tension, different from the one I felt with Tohsaka.

"Shirou? What is it? Could it be that your body is still...?"
"...! N-No, there's no problem...! I'm just perplexed for my own reasons, so don't worry...!"
I take a step back, shaking my head.

"...?"
Looking away from Saber, who is tilting her head questioningly, I calm down my pounding heart.

"...Calm down. What am I so tense about!?"
I take a deep breath.
...But it doesn't seem to die down quickly. In fact, I don't think it ever will.
"...Geez, why has she changed...?"

I complain without meaning to.
Saber's clothes are so real that they make me conscious of her womanhood, whether I like it or not.

...She is terribly beautiful.
I thought I figured that out yesterday, but she really hits me with it now.
If she dresses so much like a girl, as a healthy guy, I'm troubled.

"Shirou."
I tense up the moment our eyes meet.
But I didn't look for her so as to not talk to her. I'm troubled, but I can't stay quiet forever.

"All right.
May I, Saber? It'll be the first time we sit down and talk"
I make up my mind and talk to her.
And then.

"Shirou. Before that, there is something I would like to tell you about last night."
She interrupts my words with a sullenness that makes her earlier calmness seem like an illusion.

"? All right, what is it?"

"It is about last night.
You are my Master. It is troubling if you take such an action. Battle is my work, so you must concentrate on your role. If you go and die in vain yourself, there is no way I can protect you."

Saber says so clearly.
That makes the tension I was feeling vanish.

"W-What do you mean!? You would have been slashed if I didn't do that!"

"In that case, I would have just died. It was not something you should have been hurt for.
I will repeat myself. Please do not take such an action again.
There is no need for my Master to protect me, and there is no reason for it either."

"Whadon't be stupid. You don't need a reason to save a girl...!"

Maybe she was surprised at being yelled at, but she pauses for a moment as if I've done something unexpected.
And then, she stares at me with indescribable dignity.

"Uh..."
I back up a bit being stared at.
Her look makes me realize that I've said something really out-of-place, and it embarrasses me.

"A-Anyway, I'm grateful that you brought me home. I'll thank you for that."

I thank her while looking away.
...It's awkward to thank her in the first place, but it's even more awkward to thank her in this situation.
But still, before anything, I have to thank her for helping me.

"You are welcome. It is natural for a Servant to protect her Master, but I am happy to be thanked. You are very polite."
"No. I'm not polite."

So there's something I need to clarify right now.

"Going back to our conversation, Saber.
...Oh, I'll ask formally. Can I call you Saber?"

"Yes. Since I have formed a contract with you as a Servant, I am your sword. I will follow your orders, defeat your enemies, and protect you."
Saber says so without the slightest hesitation.
There's no room for me to question her about it.

"Become my sword, huh? To win this Holy Grail War?"
"...? Is that not why you have summoned me?"

"No. I only summoned you by chance.
As you know, I'm only an amateur magus. I'm sorry, but I don't have the knowledge nor the power of a Master.
But I've decided to fight, so I'll fight. I'm an unskilled Master, but are you okay with that?"

"Of course. You are my Master, Shirou.
This fact will not change. A Servant does not have the freedom to choose its Master."

...I see.
Then I should try to respond to her to the best of my ability.

"...All right. So you're content that I'm your Master?"

"Yes. But Shirou, I will not allow defeat for my Master.
If you have no chance of victory, I will make one for you. I will use every means possible to have you obtain the Holy Grail.
We Servants do not serve the Masters without compensation. We serve you because we also desire the Holy Grail."

"Huh? Hold on. The Holy Grail, you mean you want it too...!?"

"Of course. After all, the only ones who can touch the Holy Grail in spirit form are we Servants, who are also spirits.
The Master that wins the Holy Grail War will obtain the Holy Grail through the medium of their Servant. After that, the Servant that served the winning Master will have its wish granted in compensation.
That is the relationship between Masters and Servants."


...I see.
Now that she says it, it's obvious something like a "heroic spirit" would never obey a mere human being.
Since they have their own objectives, they serve the Master in exchange.

...Then that means Saber has a wish she wants granted.
That is why Saber has no doubts and declares that she will fight, even with an amateur Master like me.

"...All right. Then can I ask you something else?
A Master is a magus that summons Servants, right?
That's fine, but I don't quite understand you guys. Like, Saber and Lancer, I know those aren't your real names."

"Yes, those are only the names of the classes given to us. ...All right, I shall describe it briefly since we have the chance."

"We Servants are heroic spirits.
We have each won fame during our lives or have accomplished some great deed beyond human ability.
Whatever the means, we are beings that have reached the rank of gods with our own strength."

That doesn't even need to be said.
Heroic spirits are heroes that had supernatural abilities while they were alive, who are worshipped after their deaths, and promoted into the ranks of spirits instead of becoming ghosts.

"But that is also to our disadvantage. As we are heroes, our weaknesses have been recorded.
Revealing our names, revealing our identity, means revealing our weaknesses."

"...I see. Heroes usually do have opponents they are weak against. That's why you're hiding your real name and using the name Saber?"

"Yes. However, I am not called Saber only for that reason.
There are seven Servants called forth by the Holy Grail, and every one of these is selected according to the class."

"Class...? You mean like Saber and Archer?"

"Yes. Summoning a true heroic spirit is already almost a miracle. To summon seven is too much even for the Holy Grail.
As a solution, the Holy Grail prepared seven vessels in advance and only called forth heroic spirits compatible with these vessels.
Those are the seven classes.

Saber.
Lancer.
Archer.
Rider.
Caster.
Assassin.
Berserker.

"The Holy Grail calls forth from all times the heroic spirits, with abilities corresponding to each of these classes.
And those who receive these classes are called Servants."

"...I see. You were a heroic spirit skilled with swords, so you were summoned as Saber?"
"Yes. There are heroic spirits that have multiple attributes, but I believe I am the best when it comes to swords."

"But that is also the weakness of the Saber class.
Since I am not a magus, I can only defeat your enemies as your sword."

"So you're not well-suited to trickery. No, I don't think that's a weakness. You're that powerful, so that should be enough, right?"

"Shirou, you cannot win this war just by being strong in battle.
For instance, if your enemy is stronger than you in combat, what will you do?"

"Huh? Well... if I knew I couldn't beat them in combat, I'd have to do something without fightin"

Having said that much, I understand.
If the enemies are strong, you wouldn't fight a proper battle.
Beating opponents with your sword isn't the only way to fight.
If you can't beat an enemy with your sword, all you have to do is beat them some other way.

"Exactly. If your enemy finds out you are skilled in combat, your enemy will most likely not challenge you in combat. ...And in that sense, Servants that lack ability will use any means possible."

"The Servant Assassin has low attributes, but has a special ability to hide its presence, and the Servant Caster is versed in magic that does not exist in this age.
You cannot be optimistic because of a mere difference in power. And on top of that, we have our 'Noble Phantasms'. No matter what kind of Servant we are, as heroic spirits, we have our guaranteed fatal attack."

"Noble Phantasm?"
That's not a term I've ever heard.
I think I might know what it means from the sound of it, though...

"Noble Phantasms are special weapons carried by Servants.
Weapons like Lancer's lance, Archer's bow, and my sword are such.
Heroes are not called heroes by themselves. Heroes have the weapons that symbolize them that make them a hero."

"The hero and his weapon are one. So those who became heroic spirits each wield a powerful weapon.
That is the 'Noble Phantasm'the trump card for Servants, and the thing we must take the most care of."


...Saber says that Noble Phantasms are weapons that heroes wielded when they were alive.

I recall that blue knight.
The lance that absorbed magical energy from the air and pierced Saber's chest with incredible movements.
That was certainly not something fit for humans.
That lance itself carried a strong curse, but I also felt a strange amount of magical energy in the word Lancer said back then.
Then could it be...?

"Saber. Are Noble Phantasms magics?
Lancer's lance certainly seemed like a lance with history, but the lance itself wasn't extraordinary.
But that lance went beyond the realm of weapons with his words. Isn't that some sort of magic?"

"Yes, Noble Phantasms are certainly similar to magic.
For example, Lancer's lance itself is a Noble Phantasm, but it demonstrates its full potential only when he puts magical energy into it and says its true name."

"A Noble Phantasm could be called a materialized divine mystery.
As spells are necessary to activate magic, recitement of the true name is necessary to awaken and activate the Noble Phantasm.
But there is also a danger in that. By saying the true name of their Noble Phantasm, the identity of the Servant is revealed."

"...Oh yeah. Heroes and their weapons are one. If you know the weapon's name, you naturally know the identity of the owner."
Saber nods silently.

That is why the Noble Phantasm is a trump card.
In exchange for revealing the name, it launches an unavoidable fatal blow.
But when it does not prove fatal... the Servant will expose all its weaknesses.

"Then, Saber. Is your Noble Phantasm that invisible sword?"

"...Yes. But I have not revealed its identity yet. No Servants should know my true name at this point."
Saying that, Saber looks down awkwardly for a second.

"Shirou. I have a request about that matter."
"Huh? What kind of a request?"

"About my real name. Usually, Servants give their true names to their Master only, to determine future plans.
But you are inexperienced as a magus.
A superior magus would be able to read your mind, so"

"Oh, so you can't tell me your real name? ...Yeah, you're right. Like hypnotism, suggestion, or... well, I don't think there'd be any, but if any other Master had mystic eyes, I might just start babbling about it.
All right. Let's do that. I'll rely on you to decide when to use your Noble Phantasm."

"Uhum, can you really decide that so quickly?"
"It wasn't easy. I thought it through.
I agreed after thinking about it, so don't worry."


...Well.
I get most of this stuff, but I still don't have a grasp of the situation.

"Hey Saber, do Servants and Masters have some sort of a mark? I don't really know what I should be doing."

"No. Unfortunately, there is no clear way to distinguish them.
But if other Servants are near, Servants are able to sense them. All the more if they are materialized. Servants themselves are powerful magics.
I am sure you felt Berserker's presence."

"Ughthat could be true. But it's bad to be able to tell only when you're attacked. I need to at least know before they approach, so I can take some sort of countermeasure."

"Then, how about searching for the Master's presence? Masters are magi. Since they use magic for a living, they will leak magical energy. If you search for that, you may be able to determine the Masters in this town."
"...Sorry. Unfortunately, I can't do that sort of thing."

After all, I didn't even realize the real identity of Tohsaka, who goes to the same school as I do.
We were in the same building for two years, and on top of that, I've seen her several times.

"Geez. No wonder people call me an amateur. The only evidence I'm even a Master is this Command Spell. It seems there'll be lots of difficulties ahead."
I sigh.
And then.

"Shirou. Could you close your eyes for a moment?"
Saber speaks with a serious face.
"...? Close my eyes? Why?"
"To prove that you are a Master. Just close your eyes and breathe normally."

"......"
...I close my eyes.
I feel something slightly touching my forehead.
Hey, it's prickling. Could this be the end of her sword!?

"Saber? Hold on, are you doing something weird?"
"...Master, please stay silent and concentrate on my fingertip. If you are a magus, you should be able to feel my magical energy."

"Hm."
I see, so it's Saber's finger that's touching me.
I pull myself together and calm down.

Then.
What is this?

"Saber, what was that?"
"It's not something you should be asking me. You and I are connected by our contract, so its only natural for you to be able to understand my status."

"Understand? You mean, what happened just now?"
"I do not know how you saw it. It is your standard that measures the Servant's ability. Some Masters classify according to color, and some classify according to animals."

"So in other words, you perceive it in a way most comprehensible for you.
This is a standard concept for a Master, so please check frequently. Like me, once you see someone, you shall understand their details."

...I see.
I was a bit surprised since it was so sudden, but I might be able to act a bit like a Master now.

"Master. I have simplified things, but that is all the explanation I can give you."
"Okay. It was quick, but I get it now. Sorry, Saber."

"...You should not be 'sorry.'
If you understand the situation, you should be deciding what to do from now on."

She asks me, leaning forward.
...I see.
Saber is the same type as Tohsaka: attack first.

"Well, we won't be doing anything different.
I don't have the will to go out and beat other Masters like Tohsaka."

"Shirou, that does not make sense. Do you not have the will to obtain the Holy Grail as a Master?"
...Saber narrows her eyes.
They are the calm eyes of a swordsman who allows no disagreement.


I stare back, trying not to lose, and clearly tell her my intentions.

"I do. But that's only because I don't want anyone evil obtaining it. I have no reason to want the Holy Grail for myself."
"!"

"But that doesn't mean I will not fight.
I'm a magus, even if I'm an amateur. I understand I can't back out of this now. I know I can't survive this without doing anything."

"Then you are saying you are fighting not to obtain the Holy Grail, but rather to prevent the conflict resulting from the Holy Grail?"

"...? ...Yeah, I guess you could put it like that. Yeah, I think that's what I mean. I can't put it into clear words, but such a fight is worth something, right?"

That's right.
I don't feel anything toward the Holy Grail.
But for a reason like that, I think I can fight with all my power and with pride.

"...I do not understand. You say that you are a magus. Then you should desire the almighty Holy Grail. Does a magus not master magic because he has a wish he cannot make come true?"

"What are you saying? I have no unfulfillable wishes. I do have lots of things I have to do though."
That's right.
So for now, I should try my hardest not to involve any unnecessary people.

"Then are you saying you do not want the Holy Grail? That you will not fight to obtain it?"
"I didn't say that. Since I'm fighting, I do intend to obtain the Holy Grail."

"That is a contradiction. Why do you desire something that you have no need for, going so far as fighting?"
"...?"
Well, because...
Winning means obtaining the Holy Grail, and most of all...

"You need it, right? So we have to obtain it."


"Yeah, I don't know what kind of people the other Masters are.
Some of them may be really good people.
But I've decided to be your ally. So if you say you want the Holy Grail, it's only natural to help you with all my power, right?"


"...Well, it's only a second-hand ideal from my father, but he said I should be selfish to become a superhero.
It's pointless to support everybody, so he told me to only ally with people I like and trust."

"I never thought that way before, but I think that's how I should be now.
I can't do something like fighting for myself.
But if I can fight for you, then that's good."

And to be honest.
If this girl seriously yearns for it, it's only natural to want to obtain it for her.
...Well, I am a guy, you know.

"Then are you saying you will not fight if I give up the Holy Grail?"
"Hm."
That's a problem.
If Saber says that, all my premises will crumble.

"...No, it would still be the same. I said I'll fight.
So I won't run. This is for certain, Saber."
I declare this, looking her in the eye.
Saber does not answer immediately, but looks up at me after letting out a deep breath.

"I understand. If you say so as a Master, I will only obey. My goal is the Holy Grail, and even if your goal is to stop the conflict, our destinations are the same.
But, Shirou."

Saber stops.
With eyes that seem to be gazing upon something far away,"I cannot clearly put this into words, but you will regret it later on. ...You will surely regret it."
She says those words.
Is it because Tohsaka went home and my tension disappeared?
My body feels dull, so I lay down in the living room.

I stave off the returning nausea by lying on my side.

The clock ticks in the silent living room.
"...A fight between Masters, huh?"
I still don't understand what it is.
The only thing I'm sure of is that it's beyond me.
It would feel more real if I had more interest in the Holy Grail

"Why, I wonder? All I feel toward the Holy Grail is disgust."
A grail said to make wishes come true.
I don't know what kind of a thing it is, but it's an artifact that can even summon these things called Servants.

It might not go as far as granting any wish, but it should have more than enough value for any magus to want it.
But stillI'm not interested in it.
It's true that I'm dubious about its reality, but accepting that easy way to reach a goal feels like cheating myself.

"And the worst aspect of this thing is that the selection method is a battle."
...But this is a fight for a single chair.
No matter what your expectations are, as long as you enter it, you can't survive unless you defeat your enemies.
And depending on your methods, defeating other Masters might result in harm to innocent people.

That's why...
Rejoice, Emiya Shirou.
My reason for fighting is not to win the Holy Grail War.
Your wish will finally come true.
It is to stop those that would try to win it by any means possible.

"!"
I feel dizzy again.
It's only natural.
Even if it appears to be back to normal, my body was almost split in half a few hours ago.
There's no way this sickness will go away quickly. It seems more likely that it'll continue for the rest of my life.

Because I was almost killed three times in a day.
If someone weak joins a battle, it's natural for him to get hurt.
As compensation for my lack of strength, I almost lost my body...
And she was wounded protecting me.

"!"
I get up.

"Oh yeah, her...!"
What am I doing?
I totally forgot about her because Tohsaka was here.
No, I unconsciously avoided thinking about her.
Coward.
I have been avoiding recalling the girl who was wounded because of me.
The one that was bleeding miserably because of me.

"Tohsaka didn't say the most important thing...!"
I pull my resting body together and stand up.
Tohsaka didn't say anything about Saber.
She said she and Saber brought me here, but she said nothing more.
The fact I need to know most: if she, the one wounded by Berserker, is all right or not.

"Guh"
I look through the house, bearing the dizziness.
I look around where someone could be, all the guest rooms, but I cannot find Saber.

"That's weird... she's in that outfit, so you'd think it'd be easy to find her."
There's no sign of the brave armor-clad Saber anywhere around the house.
Tohsaka said Servants can become spirits, but I can't do that.
No, first of all

"They say I'm a Master, but just how am I a Master?"
I don't understand who she is nor how she exists.
This is like a new soldier being given a tank.

"That's right. Even if you give a guy that has only used old guns a brand new weapon, he won't know how to use it."
I complain.
Well, the lucky thing is, this tank has an auto-pilot function. Even if the driver is terrible, the tank will fight on its own.


Angry at my thoughts, I hit my head against the wall.

"...How rotten of me, idiot. That was such an impolite complaint."
I apologize to the blond-haired girl in my head.
Now, I feel like I have to find her and confirm her safety.

"She's not here either"
I search throughout the house.
It's a big house, but I didn't play hide-and-seek here with Fuji-Nee as a kid for nothing. I know the efficient way to search this place.
If I haven't found her after searching this much, then

"The yard, the shed, or"
There are several possibilities, but I don't even consider the possibility that she's not here anymore.
She said she would protect me.
So I don't think she would leave this place.

"Maybe."
It suddenly hits me.
Not the house, the yard, nor the shed where we first met.
Come to think of it, there is another large building in this place.

"She must be there."
I hurry.
I head to the dojo, separated from the main building.


I'm a bit tense.
If she's not here, I will have to admit that she is gone.

"...?"
That makes me realize.
The inconsistency... even though I know nothing about her, I want her to stay.

A wooden-floored room with nothing unnecessary.
A dojo built only to train oneself in.
In this silent place, in the faint sunlight...

She is sitting there naturally.


A space filled with tranquility.
The sunlight shining in is white, and it makes her and the dojo into one.
I can see nothing amiss in her dignified posture.

Just by sitting there, she stiffens the air in the dojo.
But there's nothing cold about it.
It's because her figure is so pure, it makes me forget even about the cold winter air.

", "
Even the sound of my breath is a nuisance.
The girl, sitting Japanese-style in the corner of the dojo, is definitely the girl from last night.

The girl who appeared just before I was killed by Lancer, and the girl that mercilessly slashed him with her sword.
Her golden hair, that was reflecting the blue moonlight, is now one with the warm sunlight.


That really makes me remember.
This is exactly what I felt when I first saw her.
The girl clad in armor, slashing her sword to silently overwhelm her opponent,
I wasn't surprised by how out-of-world that scene was.
It doesn't matter what she's wearing. It probably wouldn't change even if she was covered in mud.
The girl that moved me deeply is still in front of me.


That is why I forget even to breathe and continue to stare at her.
Forgetting about Masters, the Holy Grail War and everything.
In this instantI have completely accepted Saber.

I do not know how long it was.
Saber opens her eyes as if awakening from sleep.
"Oh."
My disappointed voice echoes loudly through the dojo.
Saber stands up, perhaps noticing the sound.

"......"
I walk towards her, still not knowing what to say.

"You are awake, Shirou."
A calm voice.
Her voice, echoing through the dojo as if permeating it, is surprisingly suited to this place.

"YYeah. I just got up."
I answer with a dull head.

"Shirou? You seem pale, are you feeling ill?"
The golden-haired girl approaches me.
"Uh, n-no...! I'm feeling really good...!"
I quickly step back to get away from Saber.

"...?"
Looking away from Saber, who is tilting her head questioningly, I calm down my pounding heart.

"...Calm down. What am I so tense about!?"
I take a deep breath.
...But it doesn't seem to die down quickly. In fact, I don't think it ever will.[l]

"...Geez, why has she changed...?"
I complain without meaning to.
Saber's clothes have changed dramatically since yesterday.
She's wearing normal clothes, completely unlike her armor.
It's rather unexpected and I'm troubled by it.

...She is terribly beautiful.
I thought I figured that out yesterday, but it really hits me now.[l]

Perhaps her armor looked so surreal that I didn't notice yesterday.
But if she dresses like a girl, as a healthy guy, I'm troubled.

"Shirou."
I tense up the moment our eyes meet.
But I didn't look for her so as to not talk to her.
I'm troubled, but I can't stay quiet forever.

"It's Saber, right? This will be the first time we sit down and talk, but"
I make up my mind and talk to her.
And then.

"Shirou. Before that, there is something I would like to tell you about last night."
She interrupts my words with a sullenness that makes her earlier calmness seem like an illusion.

"? All right, what is it?"
"It is about last night.
You are my Master. It is troubling if you take such an action. Battle is my work, so you must concentrate on your role. If you go and die in vain yourself, there is no way I can protect you."

Saber says so clearly.
That makes the tension I was feeling vanish.

"W-What do you mean!? You would have been slashed if I didn't do that!"
"In that case, I would have just died. It was not something you should have been hurt for. I will repeat myself. Please do not take such an action again. There is no need for my Master to protect me, and there is no reason for it either."

She speaks plainly.
It must be because she is speaking so practically.
"Whadon't be stupid. You don't need a reason to save a girl...!"
I reply unconsciously.

Maybe she was surprised at being yelled at, but she pauses for a moment as if I've done something unexpected. And then, she stares at me with indescribable dignity.

"Uh..."
I back up a bit being stared at.
Her look makes me realize that I've said something really out-of-place, and it embarrasses me.
"A-Anyway, I'm grateful that you brought me home. I'll thank you for that."

"You are welcome. It is natural for a Servant to protect her Master, but I am happy to be thanked. You are very polite."
"No. I'm not polite."

More importantly, there's something I need to clarify right now.
It's something I should have asked right after I got home yesterday.
If she is really my Servant,Andif she is really taking part in this war.

"Going back to our conversation, Saber. ...Oh, I'll ask formally, but can I call you Saber?"

"Yes. Since I have formed a contract with you as a Servant, I am your sword. I will follow your orders, defeat your enemies, and protect you."

Saber says so without the slightest hesitation.
There's no room for me to question her about it.

"Become my sword, huh? To win this Holy Grail War?"
"...? Is that not why you have summoned me?"
"No. I summoned you because"

I can't say it was by pure accident.
No, first of all, I didn't even summon her.
She just appeared when I was in danger, and saved me with her own decision.

The result is the situation we are in.
I became Saber's Master, and I was dragged into this thing called the Holy Grail War.
Not one bit of it was my intention.
I'm just an amateur magus that was dragged into this battle beyond my abilities

"! What of it?
...I've already convinced myself that I have to fight. I can't complain now."

I shake my head lightly and stop whining.
That's it.
A man has said he will fight.
So I cannot even talk about running away.
This will be the last time I will talk or think about whining.
No matter how the decision came, I have decided to fight.

"Shirou?"
"Oh, it's nothing.
But Saber, there's only a small chance of winning if you stay with me. I don't have the powers or the brains of Tohsaka, so tomorrow might end up like today. Are you okay with that?"

"Does that mean that you lack the will to fight?"
"I have the will. I just don't have the chance of victory, so I'm asking you if you're all right serving such a Master.
This is a battle I have decided to take on.
So"

I think it's wrong for someone to get hurt in my place.
Even though I'm weak, making Saber fight,And
I can't stand letting a scene like that happen again.

"You are my Master, Shirou. This fact will not change. A Servant does not have the freedom to choose its Master."


That's true.
That's why Saber is my Servant right now.
Then I should try my best not to burden her too much.

"...All right. So you're content I'm your Master?"
"Yes. But Shirou, I will not allow defeat for my Master.
If you have no chance of victory, I will make one for you.
I will use every means possible to have you obtain the Holy Grail. That is why we follow the call of the summoning."

To obtain the Holy Grail, huh?
Tohsaka said Servants also have a wish they want granted.
So Saber must be no exception.
That is why she has no doubts.
But that means...

"...Hold on, Saber.
You said any means possible, right? Does that mean you do not care what measures you take to win the war? For example, attacking people to gain pow"

I cannot finish.
Saber is looking at me like I'm an enemy.

"Shirou, that is not a possibility.
I can only do those things I will allow myself to do. I cannot betray my beliefs. It is against the knight's oath to hurt those who are unarmed."

"But I must obey if you order so. In that case, you will have to use one of your Command Spells to compensate for treading inside me."
I am overwhelmed by her angered voice.


But still, I'm happy and relieved.
Her lack of doubt gave her the image of a cold fighting machine, but I know now that she is not a cold-blooded killer.

"Yeah, I won't let you do such a thing.
As you say, we have to do our best with what we can do. ...I'm really sorry. I insulted you without realizing it."

"Uh... no, I jumped to a hasty conclusion without knowing your intentions. You are not at fault, so please raise your head..."

"Huh? Oh sorry, I apologized without realizing it."
I raise my head.

I don't know what's funny, but Saber has a small smile on her face.

"...?"
Well, I'm glad she's smiling, so I won't ask her about it.

"...Oh, I forgot to tell you.
I said we'll do whatever we can, right? As one measure, I've decided to cooperate with Tohsaka for a while. Remember Archer's Master, who you were with for a while yesterday?"

"You mean Rin? ...I see, that is certainly an intelligent choice. There will be many things you can learn from her, until you become a suitable Master."

...Thank God.
If Saber agrees, I can proudly cooperate with Tohsaka.
The only other thing I need to ask her right now is

1) Which heroine is Saber?
2) Is she all right?
3) ...Where did you get those clothes?
I'm worried about Saber's body, after she was wounded so much.

"More importantly, Saber.
...Um, are you all right? The wound you took from Berserker was pretty bad."
"...? My body is just as it appears.
That wound was certainly one that would have led to my defeat, but it was not fatal. I finished healing it about an hour after Berserker left."

"Huh... then, you're completely healed now...?"
"Of course. But I am not back up to my normal condition yet.
Berserker's hit was a simple one, so it could be healed easily, but the wound made by Lancer's Noble Phantasm is different.
That lance must bear a special curse as the wound from him is not completely healed yet."


...Not completely healed, huh?
It doesn't look that way, but Saber isn't one to talk about her pain.
As long as I am fighting alongside Saber, I should pay attention and worry about her body.
It would be about Saber's real name.

"Saber. I heard this from Tohsaka already, but Servants are magics that summon heroic spirits, right?
Thenyou have a real name that's not your class name Saber, right?"

"Yes. The name Saber represents why I am here in this time. It is not a name to represent my real identity."

"I see. Then what is your real name?
Tohsaka said it wouldn't be a battle unless I knew my own Servant's real name."

Servants are heroic spirits.
Their identities are heroes, famous in every age.
They hide their identities and the scope of their power with their class names.

A Servant's real name is something that should be kept hidden.
But it is also something the Master must know.

Because if one does not know which hero the Servant is, he does not know the Servant's potential.
Master and Servant are one.
They won't be able to fight fully if one keeps a secret from the other.
They shouldn't be able to fight fully, but

"Shirou, about that matter, please excuse my rudeness.
A summoned Servant must immediately inform their Master of their true name. ...But I cannot fulfill that oath."
"Saber...? Why can't you fulfill this oath?"

"This is what I believe is for the best. No matter how hard you try to hide my name, there are many ways to take the information from you.
Since your magic resistance is not high, mental intervention would be simple if the enemy was a superior magus. If you were under a spell, my real name could be revealed against your will.
I would like to prepare for that and not have my real name within your knowledge."

"Oh, I see. That's right. I would give it right away if they used suggestion on me."
And informing the Master of your real name is for a normal Master and Servant.
Even if I knew Saber's real name, I wouldn't be able to come up with an effective plan. Most of all, I don't care about it.

"All right. Let's keep it a secret then. We have to take care, since I'm inexperienced."
"It helps me if you say that. ...But then, I am not someone that famous. I should be a few ranks below Berserker, and it would not do too much even if my name were revealed...."

Saber murmurs in regret.
...That's bit unexpected. Saber has some human characteristics, and she regrets being inferior to Berserker.

"Isn't that alright? A trump is a trump because it's hidden. Your Master is weak like this, so I understand that you have to try everything.
...And Berserker, he's unfair.
There's nothing to be ashamed of. Andfrom my point of view, you aren't inferior. You had that big wound, yet you were exchanging blows straight on."

"You are right. I suffered defeat last night, but the result should be different once my wound heals."
"EhUh, yeah. I hope... so."
I give an empty response and look away.
...That was a surprise attack.
When she smiles, Saber is

And then.
I hear a sound of something heavy falling at the door.
"Huh?"
I turn around, wondering what it was.

There...
...is Tohsaka with a big bag at her feet.

"Huh?"
My mind freezes.
Tohsaka, who supposedly went home, is at my dojo. She's wearing normal clothes for some reason, and why does she have that big bag?

"...Huh? What are you here for, Tohsaka?"
"I just went to go get my stuff from my house. It's natural, since I'll be living here from now on."

"...!!!!?
"L-Live... you mean you, living in my house...!!!?"

"That's what cooperation means. ...What did you think our talk was about earlier?"
"Uhum."
I'm so surprised I can't speak.
Something. I have to say something back, or something terrible is going to happen, but my head will not function.

"Where's my room? If you don't have one prepared, I'll choose one myself."
Still, the unexpected invader mercilessly continues the discussion.
"Ahhold on, that's"
Isn't this bad morally?

Look, Tohsaka is the idol at my school. Just having her in my house will cause a panic, so having her live here would be crazy and Fuji-Nee would kill me. Or maybe she's planning to drive me insane to reduce the number of Masters...!?

"Oh, why don't you prepare a room for her as well? Your Servant takes up space unlike my Archer, so you should give her a place to sleep. Well, I wouldn't mind if you guys shared the same bed."
Sharing the bed... that means sleeping in the same bed, right?

"Of course I won't! What are you saying while I'm not saying anything!? I wouldn't do such a thing, Saber is a girl...!"
"You're missing the point, but oh well. That's what Shirou says, Saber.
He says he doesn't like to be in the same room with a girl."

"......"
Not moving,Saber makes a difficult face.

"That is not good, Shirou. Servants are to protect their Masters. The hours of sleep are the most crucial time for protecting you, so I cannot protect you unless I am in the same room."
"I'm in more trouble even if you say that! What are you thinking, are you two really girls!?"

"......"
"......"
Why?
Why are you two looking silently at me like that?

"...Hmm. Servants are Servants, so there's no need to treat them as humans. But I guess it's useless to tell Shirou that."


My mouth, about to protest, stops.
The weird feeling I had when talking with Tohsaka in the living room returns.
Actually.
I've figured out the cause of this feeling.

"...Hold on, Tohsaka. Since when did you start calling me by my name?"
"Oh, am I? I wasn't really conscious of it, so it must have been a while ago."
"...It was. I think you've been calling me that for a while."

"I see.  I'll be careful if you don't like that, but you don't like it?"
Tohsaka says so plainly, without realizing how I'm feeling.
...Geez, it's just like you said, Issei.
I think Tohsaka Rin is a real devil.

"...Fine. Call me whatever you like. I don't care, whichever you prefer is fine."
"Really? Then I'll do that."
"Rin, please do not end the conversation. We have not come up with a solution to the matter of the room for Shirou and I."

"Oh, of course, of course. But it'll be hard to stay in the same room with Shirou acting like that. There's no point in treating a Servant like a human, but why don't you give up, since Shirou doesn't want it?"
"That is incorrect. Shirou only said it would trouble him, and he did not say he did not want it."
"Well then. What do you say, Shirou?"


Hold on.
Why, after only a day, does she keep on calling me Shirou like I'm a cat she found?
...No, that's not the problem, but Saber's room is.

"Shirou, I will ask you again. It is a Servant's duty to guard you while you sleep. I believe you understand your position as a Master."
Uh... even if you glare at me like that, I can't do it.

"...No. I'll prepare a separate room for Saber.
Um, I'll try to prepare one as close to mine as possible, so please be happy with that."

"S-Scaring me won't work! As a man, I won't surrender to you on this. Saber, you should understand your situation better...!"

"Huh? That is why I am trying to protect my Master as a Servant"
"No, I mean about yourself...! Geez, if you don't understand, that's fine! If you say any more, I'll make you obey using my Command Spell...!"
I breathe out hard and intimidate Saber.

"...It is troubling if you use your Command Spell for such a thing. Our future is doomed if you use one of the three rights to order me not to protect you."

"Yeah. I'm sure Shirou would be the first and the last Master to do that."
Don't be stupid. I don't want to use it for this either.

"...I understand, I will follow my Master's plan. But what will you do when you are attacked by an enemy? Servants such as Assassin will close in without letting their presence become known. In such cases, will you be able to protect yourself until I arrive?"

"Well"
I can't claim I'll manage.
I was able to against Lancer, but that luck won't repeat itself.

"That would be impossible. This house has a boundary field that alerts us if an enemy enters. We won't be able to avoid a raid, but we should be able to detect a surprise attack. In that case, you would be able to protect him before he was attacked, so you can just go ahead and stay in a room you like."

"...That is certainly true, but..."
"How about next to Shirou's room? You're fine if she's not in your room, right, Emiya-kun?"
She pronounces the "Emiya-kun" ostentatiously.

"Tohsaka, that's just sophistry, you know?"
"It's a sound argument because I'm making it for your sake. Well, which room should I choose?"
Tohsaka walks to the house with her bag, as if telling us the conversation is over.
She looks cheerful like a student picking her room on a field trip.

"......"

Perhaps because her actions are so selfish.
Saber and I just see her off with blank amazement.

We return to the main building.
First of all, I should show her around the house so she can choose her own room.

"This is the Japanese-style room. The back side has common rooms like the living room and the bathroom. And if you follow the open corridor to the outbuilding, you reach the guest rooms... It looks like Tohsaka went that way."

I explain as I walk.
Saber follows me silently without nodding. I'm not sure if she's listening or not.

"The map of the house is fine. Where is Shirou's room?"
"My room is this way. It's somewhat back there."

"Then please guide me that way. I must talk to you privately."
"Talk to me privately......?"
So she doesn't want Tohsaka to hear it?
Tohsaka is in the outbuilding, so I think this place is okay, but she is a Master after all.
Someone could overhear us, so the open corridor is no place to talk secretly.

"Here. This is my room."
"Whathis is Shirou's room?"
"Hm?"
Saber is surprised the moment she walks in.

"What? I don't think there's anything here that should be too surprising."
"No, there is nothing here to surprise me, as there is nothing here. Is this really your room, Shirou?"

"There's no point lying to you. I only come here to sleep, so it's natural there's nothing here."
"...I see. I was surprised. I thought you were a more assorted person."

Saber enters the Japanese-style room and touches the wall to check the feel of it.
It is a soft gesture, as if she understands the object's memory just by touching it.

"...I'm relieved. This is a desolate room, but that does not mean it is treated badly. This is a simple but warm place."
"Warm? ...Well, I guess so. I don't know if it's how the house is built, but this place is cool during the summer and warm during the winter. My father always said I took the good room."

"Yes, the room is the reflection of its owner, so I was worried about your spirit. But this will not change my impression of you now."
Saber says this with relief, but I don't understand what she wants to say.

"So? What did you want to talk privately about?"
"It is a bad thing. Something I do not want the other Masters to know at the very least."
"...Hm."
Judging by her expression, the bad thing must be our weakness.

"...I see. I see what you mean. I'll listen seriously, so go ahead."
"Yes, about that... this probably is not something we can solve.
We Servants maintain our body using the magical energy transferred from our Masters. That is why Servants require a Master. But"

"...I'm an incomplete Master, so I don't have enough magical energy for you to maintain your body?"

"No. It is not a problem if I receive even a small amount of magical energy from you. But I am not receiving any magical energy from you. The spiritual connection we ought to have is not present."


So that means...
I, as the gasoline, am not sending any fuel for Saber to work as an engine?

"Saber, that's..."
"It is not your fault. I believe something happened during my summoning. Some fault occurred, and the line that should have connected was not connected."

"Some problem during the summoning..."
When Saber appeared, it wasn't anything like a summoning.
It was just an accident.
Since she was summoned like that, it'd be strange if there weren't anything wrong with her.

"...Hold on. Then what's going to happen? Since you can't replenish your magical energy, will you disappear?"
"Yes. If I use up the magical energy I have, I will not be able to stay in this world."

"I have battled three times already since my summoning.
My healing ability is a regeneration magic, so magical energy consumption will increase if I take damage. ...Let me see, I used about ten mature magi's worth of magical energy last night."


I'm astonished.
Magical energy is reduced every time she fights and there's no way to restore it.
If she already used up that much magical energy, how much longer can she stay in this world?

"Do you understand, Master?
So I must try to use my magical energy as little as possible. If no magical energy is provided, I must sleep and suppress my magical energy usage."
"Sleep... um, will your magical energy replenish if you sleep?"

"...I do not know. But at the very least, I will not consume any magical energy while I am asleep.
So I wish for you to allow me to sleep as much as possible. I will not be able to constantly protect you, but I would like you to understand that this is a measure necessary for us to win."

"Oh"
I sigh with relief.
...Thank God. If that's all it is, I'll accept all she wants.

"Of course that's all right. You can rest when you get tired. If that allows you to stay longer, that's so much better."

"Then I will sleep often from now on, so please do not leave the house while I am doing so. If you are attacked somewhere far from here, I will not be able to come and protect you immediately."

"It would be a different story if I could leap through space, but Servants with such an ability are rare.
To call me from a distant place would require backup from the Command Spell, so I would like you to try to stay near me."

"...Hm."
As much as I'd like to do that, I can't nod.
I can't imagine living with Saber, and most of all, I have my own life as well.

"...I'll try. But are you sure that's all?
If you sleep, you"
"It should not be a problem. I cannot be certain since this has never happened to me, but I did not fight even seven times last time. Even if I do not defeat them, other Servants defeat other Servants."

"I see. So not everyone has to fight all the other Servants. If all goes well, we can end this war pretty easily."

The only people I am going to fight are those with inhuman attitudes.
I'm sure that not all of the seven Masters are like that.
Tohsaka is ready to fight, but she would follow the rules of the magi.

So the five remaining Mastersif they all have humane attitudes, I won't have to fight.
Saber said she didn't even fight seven times last time, so this time

"Huh?"
Hold on.
Even fight... seven times... last time?

"Hold on, Saber. Um, was it Saber too last time? No, I mean, were you in the last Holy Grail War as well...!?"

"This is the second time I have participated in the Holy Grail War.
I was Saber too at that time. There are heroic spirits that attribute to several classes, but I only correspond to the class of Saber."


Tohsaka mentioned...
That out of the seven, Saber is the most powerful Servant.
And this girl is saying she has become that twice in a row.

"Then... did you remain until the end last time?"
"Of course. I had no constraints last time, so I did not fall to any Servants."

Saber says this as if it's just something natural.
That makes me realize even more,that I have been given a sword I do not deserve.

"...Geez. Then you must be full of complaints with someone like me as your Master."
"I only fulfill the duties given to me. If I can obtain the Holy Grail, I have no complaints about my Master."

"I see. That's a relief, but still"
She was undefeated last time, but she has already suffered two wounds this time.

In her condition, unable to replenish magical energy, she always has to think about her remaining magical energy.
The result of a battle with such a burden was...
...That image of her covered in blood.


That image is engraved in my mind.
The image of a girl smaller than me, covered miserably in blood.

"Shirou, such regret is useless."
"Huh?"
Saber's voice brings me back.
When I raise my head, Saber's expression is serious.

"It is not as if I suffered no defeat.
I am your Servant now because I did not fully win. I am used to taking wounds, so it is not something you should mourn over."

"Used to...? Even wounds close to fatal?"
"Yes. To wield a sword means to take injury as well. That should be the same for you too. There is no reason for just me to avoid harm."

"That'strue. But are you saying that you don't mind getting hurt?"
"If it does not result in death. If I die, I will not be able to protect my Master."
"...What is that? So you're saying you don't mind getting hurt to protect your Master?"

"That is the role of the Servant.
...Rin's words are certainly correct. There is no need to treat Servants as humans. We are a tool to protect our Master. You must understand that."

Saying so, Saber walks to the sliding screen.
Beyond it is the side room.
This room was enough for me, so I never used it.

"I will be getting some sleep. I will wake up at dinnertime, so please let me know if you are going outside."
She quietly opens and closes the sliding door.

We are a tool to protect our Master.
You must understand that

"...What is that?"
That pisses me off.
But I can't call out to her, so I just consider her words in my mind.
It should be about those clothes of hers.

"By the way Saber. I want to ask you something."
"Yes, what is it?"
"Where did you get those clothes? I was surprised that you were wearing something different from yesterday."
Actually, I'm still surprised.

"They are something Rin has prepared for me. Since I cannot turn into spirit form, she gave me these so that I would not attract attention."
"Oh, I see."

"What about them?"
"Well, yeah, um..."
I try to say they look good on her, but I stop myself.
If I said such a thing, I'd blush red as a tomato.

"Shirou?"
"Uh... um, well... yeah, um.... oh, yesterday's armor!
Yeah, I was wondering what happened to the armor you were wearing yesterday!"

"You do not need to worry about it. I have control of when I wear the armor, so I have it off while I am wearing these clothes.
That armor is woven by my magical energy. I can call it forth as it is needed."


I can only sigh in admiration.
...Anyways, it is true that she would draw attention in her armor.
So with the way Saber's dressed now, I should be able to persuade people in the neighborhood that she is a relative of Kiritsugu.
...Well, I would have to do so anyway.
And then.
I hear the sound of something heavy falling at the door.
"Huh?"
I turn around, wondering what it was.

There...
is Tohsaka with a big bag at her feet.

"Huh?"
My mind freezes.
Tohsaka, who supposedly went home, is at my dojo, and she's wearing normal clothes for some reason, and why does she have that big bag?

"...Huh? What are you here for, Tohsaka?"
"I just went to go get my stuff from my house. It's natural, since I'll be living here from now on."

"Wha...!!!!?
L-Live... you mean you, living in my house...!!!?"

"That's what cooperation means. ...What did you think our talk was about earlier?"
"UhUh."
I'm so surprised I can't speak.
Something. I have to say something back, or something terrible is going to happen, but my head will not function.

"Where is my room? If you don't have one prepared, I'll choose one myself."
Still, the unexpected invader mercilessly continues the discussion.
"Ah hold on, that's"
Isn't this bad, morally?

Look, Tohsaka is the idol at my school. Just having her in my house will cause a panic, so having her live here would be crazy and Fuji-Nee would kill me. Or maybe she's planning to drive me insane to reduce the number of Masters...!?

"Oh, why don't you prepare a room for her as well? Your Servant takes up space unlike my Archer, so you should give her a place to sleep. Well, I wouldn't mind if you guys shared the same bed."
Sharing the bed... that means sleeping in the same bed, right?

"Of course I won't! What are you saying while I'm not saying anything!? I wouldn't do such a thing, Saber is a girl...!"
"You're missing the point, but oh well. That's what Shirou says, Saber.
He says he doesn't like to be in the same room with a girl."

"......"
Not moving,Saber makes a difficult face.

"That is not good, Shirou. Servants are to protect their Masters. The hours of sleep are the most crucial time for protecting you, so I cannot protect you unless I am in the same room."
"I'm in more trouble even if you say that! What are you thinking, are you two really girls!?"

"......"
"......"
Why?
Why are you two looking silently at me like that?

"...Hmm. Servants are Servants, so there's no need to treat them as humans. But I guess it's useless to tell Shirou that."


My mouth, about to protest, stops.
The weird feeling I had when talking with Tohsaka in the living room returns.
Actually.
I've figured out the cause of this feeling.

"...Hold on, Tohsaka. Since when did you start calling me by my name?"
"Oh, am I? I wasn't really conscious of it, so it must have been a while ago."
"...It was. I think you've been calling me that for a while."

"I see.  I'll be careful if you don't like that, but don't you like it?"
Tohsaka says so plainly, without realizing what I'm feeling.
...Geez, it's just like you said, Issei.
I think Tohsaka Rin is a real devil.

"...Fine. Call me whatever you like. I don't care, whichever you prefer is fine."
"Really? Then I'll do that."
"Rin, please do not end the conversation. We have not come up with a solution to the matter of the room for Shirou and I."

"Oh, of course, of course. But it'll be hard to stay in the same room with Shirou acting like that. There's no point in treating a Servant like a human, but why don't you give up since Shirou doesn't want it?"
"That is incorrect. Shirou only said it would trouble him, and he did not say he did not want it."
"Well then. What do you say, Shirou?"


Hold on.
Why, after only a day, does she keep on calling me Shirou like I'm a cat she found?
...No, that's not the problem, but Saber's room is.

"Shirou, I will ask you again. It is a Servant's duty to guard you while you sleep. I believe you understand your position as a Master."
Uh... even if you glare at me like that, I can't do it.

"...No. I'll prepare a separate room for Saber.
Um, I'll try to prepare one as close to mine as possible, so please be happy with that."

"S-Scaring me won't work! As a man, I won't surrender to you on this. Saber, you should understand your situation better...!"

"Huh? That is why I am trying to protect my Master as a Servant"
"No, I mean about yourself...! Geez, if you don't understand, that's fine! If you say any more, I'll make you obey using my Command Spell...!"
I breathe out hard and intimidate Saber.

"...It is troubling if you use your Command Spell for such a thing. Our future is doomed if you use one of the three rights to order me not to protect you."

"Yeah. I'm sure Shirou would be the first and the last Master to do that."
Don't be stupid. I don't want to use it for this either.

"...I understand, I will follow my Master's plan. But what will you do when you are attacked by an enemy? Servants such as Assassin will close in without letting their presence become known. In such cases, will you be able to protect yourself until I arrive?"

"Well"
I can't claim I'll manage.
I was able to against Lancer, but that luck won't repeat itself.

"That would be impossible. This house has a boundary field that alerts us if an enemy enters. We won't be able to avoid a raid, but we should be able to detect a surprise attack. In that case, you would be able to protect him before he was attacked, so you can just go ahead and stay in a room you like."

"...That is certainly true, but..."
"How about next to Shirou's room? You're fine if she's not in your room, right, Emiya-kun?"
She pronounces the "Emiya-kun" ostentatiously.

"Tohsaka, that's just sophistry, you know?"
"It's a sound argument because I'm making it for your sake. Well, which room should I choose?"
Tohsaka walks to the house with her bag, as if telling us the conversation is over.
She looks cheerful like a student picking her room on a field trip.

"......"

Perhaps because her actions are so selfish.
Saber and I just see her off with blank amazement.

We return to the main building.
First of all, I should show her around the house so she can choose her own room.

"This is the Japanese-style room. The back side has common rooms like the living room and the bathroom. And if you follow the open corridor to the outbuilding, you reach the guest rooms... It looks like Tohsaka went that way."

I explain as I walk.
Saber follows me silently without nodding. I'm not sure if she's listening or not.

"The map of the house is fine. Where is Shirou's room?"
"My room is this way. It's somewhat back there."

"Then please guide me that way. I must talk to you privately."
"Talk to me privately......?"
So she doesn't want Tohsaka to hear it?
Tohsaka is in the outbuilding, so I think this place is okay, but she is a Master after all.
Someone could overhear us, so the open corridor is no place to talk secretly.

"Here. This is my room."
"Whathis is Shirou's room?"
"Hm?"
Saber is surprised the moment she walks in.

"What? I don't think there's anything here that should be too surprising."
"No, there is nothing here to surprise me, as there is nothing here. Is this really your room, Shirou?"

"There's no point lying to you. I only come here to sleep, so it's natural there's nothing here."
"...I see. I was surprised. I thought you were a more assorted person."

Saber enters the Japanese-style room and touches the wall to check the feel of it.
It is a soft gesture, as if she understands the object's memory just by touching it.

"...I'm relieved. This is a desolate room, but that does not mean it is treated badly. This is a simple but warm place."
"Warm? ...Well, I guess so. I don't know if it's how the house is built, but this place is cool during the summer and warm during the winter. My father always said I took the good room."

"Yes, the room is the reflection of its owner, so I was worried about your spirit. But this will not change my impression of you now."
Saber says this with relief, but I don't understand what she wants to say.

"So? What did you want to talk privately about?"
"I have two things. Both are something I would like to keep a secret between us."

"Well, I don't mind if you say so, but tell me what it's about. I can't tell if it's something good or bad."

"They are both bad. At the very least, it is something I do not want other Masters finding out."
"Hm."
Judging by her expression, the bad thing must be our weakness.

"...... I see. I see what you mean. I'll listen seriously, so go ahead."
"Yes. First of all, I would like you to forgive me for not being able to accomplish the first obligation of a Servant."
"Hm? The first obligation of a Servant?"
"To tell you of my identity. Have you not heard about it from Rin?"
"Tell me your identityoh, you mean your real name."

Servants are heroic spirits.
Their identities are heroes, famous in every age.
They hide their identities and the scope of their power with their class names.
A Servant's real name is something that should be kept hidden.

But it is also something the Master must know.
Because if one does not know which hero the Servant is, he does not know the Servant's potential.
Master and Servant are one.
They won't be able to fight fully if one keeps a secret from the other.

Well, that's just how it would be if I were a normal Master.
Even if I knew Saber's real name, I wouldn't be able to come up with an effective plan. Most of all, I don't care about it.

"Hm. I'm fine with that, but why?"
"This is what I believe is for the best. No matter how hard you try to hide my name, there are many ways to take the information from you.
Since your magic resistance is not high, mental intervention would be simple if the enemy was a superior magus. I would like to prepare for that, and not have my real name within your knowledge."

"Oh, I see. That's right. I would give it right away if they used suggestion on me. All right, keep it a secret in that case."

"It helps me if you say that. ...But then, I am not someone that famous. I should be a few ranks below Berserker, and it would not do too much even if my name were revealed...."

Saber murmurs in regret.
...That's bit unexpected. Saber has some human characteristics, and she regrets being inferior to Berserker.

"Isn't that alright? A trump is a trump because it's hidden. Your Master is weak like this, so I understand that you have to try everything.
...And Berserker, he's unfair.
There's nothing to be ashamed of. Andfrom my point of view, you aren't inferior. You had that big wound, yet you were exchanging blows straight on."

"You are right. I suffered defeat last night, but the result should be different once my wound heals."

"Right? Okay then, that's the end of the first matter.
What's the second one about?"

"Yes, about that... this probably is not something we can solve.
We Servants maintain our body using the magical energy transferred from our Masters. That is why Servants require a Master. But"

"...I'm an incomplete Master, so I don't have enough magical energy for you to maintain your body?"

"No. It is not a problem if I receive even a small amount of magical energy from you. But I am not receiving any magical energy from you. The spiritual connection we ought to have is not present."


So that means...
I, as the gasoline, am not sending any fuel for Saber to work as an engine?

"Saber, that's..."
"It is not your fault. I believe something happened during my summoning. Some fault occurred, and the line that should have connected was not connected."

"Some problem during the summoning..."
When Saber appeared, it wasn't anything like a summoning.
It was just an accident.
Since she was summoned like that, it'd be strange if there weren't anything wrong with her.

"...Hold on. Then what's going to happen? Since you can't replenish your magical energy, will you disappear?"
"Yes. If I use up the magical energy I have, I will not be able to stay in this world."

"I have battled three times already since my summoning.
My healing ability is a regeneration magic, so magical energy consumption will increase if I take damage. ...Let me see, I used about ten mature magi's worth of magical energy last night."


I'm astonished.
Magical energy is reduced every time she fights and there's no way to restore it.
If she already used up that much magical energy, how much longer can she stay in this world?

"Do you understand, Master?
So I must try to use my magical energy as little as possible. If no magical energy is provided, I must sleep and suppress my magical energy usage."
"Sleep... um, will your magical energy replenish if you sleep?"

"...I do not know. But at the very least, I will not consume any magical energy while I am asleep.
So I wish for you to allow me to sleep as much as possible. I will not be able to constantly protect you, but I would like you to understand that this is a measure necessary for us to win."

"Oh"
I sigh with relief.
...Thank God. If that's all it is, I'll accept all she wants.

"Of course that's all right. You can rest when you get tired. If that allows you to stay longer, that's so much better."

"Then I will sleep often from now on, so please do not leave the house while I am doing so. If you are attacked somewhere far from here, I will not be able to come and protect you immediately."

"It would be a different story if I could leap through space, but Servants with such an ability are rare.
To call me from a distant place would require backup from the Command Spell, so I would like for you to try to stay near me."

"...Hm."
As much as I'd like to do that, I can't nod.
I can't imagine living with Saber, and most of all, I have my own life as well.

"...I'll try. But are you sure that's all?
If you sleep, you"
"It should not be a problem. I cannot be certain since this has never happened to me, but I did not fight even seven times last time. Even if I do not defeat them, other Servants defeat other Servants."

"I see. So not everyone has to fight all the other Servants. If all goes well, we can end this war pretty easily."

The only people I am going to fight are those with inhuman attitudes.
I'm sure that not all of the seven Masters are like that.
Tohsaka is ready to fight, but she would follow the rules of the magi.

So the five remaining Mastersif they all have humane attitudes, I won't have to fight.
Saber said she didn't even fight seven times last time, so this time

"Huh?"
Hold on.
Even fight... seven times... last time?

"Hold on, Saber. Um, was it Saber too last time? No, I mean, were you in the last Holy Grail War as well...!?"

"This is the second time I have participated in the Holy Grail War.
I was Saber too at that time. There are heroic spirits that attribute to several classes, but I only correspond to the class of Saber."


Tohsaka mentioned...
That out of the seven, Saber is the most powerful Servant.
And this girl is saying she has become that twice in a row.

"Then... did you remain until the end last time?"
"Of course. I had no constraints last time, so I did not fall to any Servants."

Saber says this as if it's just something natural.
That makes me realize even more,that I have been given a sword I do not deserve.

"...Geez. Then you must be full of complaints with someone like me as your Master."
"I only fulfill the duties given to me. If I can obtain the Holy Grail, I have no complaints about my Master."

"I see. That's a relief, but still"
She was undefeated last time, but she has already suffered two wounds this time.

In her condition, unable to replenish magical energy, she always has to think about her remaining magical energy.
The result of a battle with such a burden was...
...That image of her covered in blood.


That image is engraved in my mind.
The image of a girl smaller than me, covered miserably in blood.

"Shirou, such regret is useless."
"Huh?"
Saber's voice brings me back.
When I raise my head, Saber's expression is serious.

"It is not as if I suffered no defeat.
I am your Servant now because I did not fully win. I am used to taking wounds, so it is not something you should mourn over."

"Used to...? Even wounds close to fatal?"
"Yes. To wield a sword means to take injury as well. That should be the same for you too. There is no reason for just me to avoid harm."

"That'strue. But are you saying that you don't mind getting hurt?"
"If it does not result in death. If I die, I will not be able to protect my Master."
"...What is that? So you're saying you don't mind getting hurt to protect your Master?"

"That is the role of the Servant.
...Rin's words are certainly correct. There is no need to treat Servants as humans. We are a tool to protect our Master. You must understand that."

Saying so, Saber walks to the sliding screen.
Beyond it is the side room.
This room was enough for me, so I never used it.

"I will be getting some sleep. I will wake up at dinnertime, so please let me know if you are going outside."
She quietly opens and closes the sliding door.

We are a tool to protect our Master.
You must understand that

"...What is that?"
That pisses me off.
But I can't call out to her, so I just consider her words in my mind.
I sit on the porch and look up at the blue sky absent-mindedly.
I'm not like Saber who went to bed already during the day, but I need rest too.

Even though my nausea has gone away, I still feel terrible.
And on top of that, my shoulders are heavy from all the unexpected developments.

"Phew."
I take a deep breath and look over the yard.
I've heard what I needed to hear, but the fact that I still don't know anything doesn't change.
My Senpai as a magus, and an official Master, Tohsaka is...

"Hey, do you have an extra cushion? And a beaker and a protractor?"
...Is intently searching my house for things.

"...You can take the cushion in the next room.
But a normal household doesn't have beakers nor protractors."
"Huh? I can't believe it. A magus should always keep experimental tools around."
Leaving that complaint, she goes back to the outbuilding busily.

"...I guess she's serious."
I take another deep breath.
I guess it has already been decided that Tohsaka is going to stay at my place.
When I went over there earlier, there was a sign that said,"Remodeling in progress: Do not enter"
on the door of the best room in there.

"...Yeah. The outbuilding's pretty far away, so there's no problem."
Just having Saber around causes some tension, so if Tohsaka was near me too, I wouldn't get any peace.

Anyways, there's some distance between us. Even if we are connected by a hallway, it's just like a house next door, so nothing should happen unless I go there myself.

...Oh, but we'll see each other at meals.
And we only have the one bath, so we'll have to decide how to use it. No, thinking about that, Saber is a girl, too, so
"Idiot, what am I thinking...!?"
Shaking my head, I lie down in the corridor.

"Phew."
I sigh once again and stare up at the sky.
Maybe I'm tired, but doing all this makes me sleepy.
"Man, just"
...Do what you like. Becoming desperate, I close my eyes.

...Maybe that comment helped.
I fall asleep the moment I close my eyes.

Later, Saber, Tohsaka, and I are in the living room.
I just woke up.
Saber was in this living room,and Tohsaka just finished her remodeling.

By the way...
This was the guest room a few hours ago.
And now...
"Shirou, how do you use the air conditioner?"
The scene I saw when I was called was...
...This.

"...Man."
How can I put this... I think I may have allied with a terrible person.

"......"
I can't calm down.
These two are complete outsiders.
I rarely have guests at this house, so that must make the situation even stranger.

No, first of all.
The appearances of these two don't really fit this Japanese-style house.

"......"
Well, it's about seven o'clock now.
Even though we're all in the living room, all of us staying quiet like this is not good for my mental well-being.

"If you two don't mind, I'd like to talk about what to do from now on."
"Hold on. I want to decide on something before that. All right?"

"Uhsure. What is it?"
"About dinner. Shirou, you live alone, right?"
"...? Well, yeah."
"Then you have cooked for yourself, right?"
"Of course. I'll get hungry if I don't eat."

"I see. Then I have a proposal. How about we take turns preparing dinner? We'll be living together for a while, so that should be helpful, right?"
"...Hmm. You're right. I was thinking of continuing as usual, but if you're going to be living here, you're just like family. It's normal for you to cook, and it'll be easier on me too."

"Then it's decided. So, let's say it's Shirou's turn today.
It's late already, so let's have our meeting after dinner."
"Huh? Well, I don't mind taking turns for dinner, but what are we going to do about breakfast? Will we be taking turns too?"

"Oh, breakfast's fine. I don't eat breakfast."
"What's that? Don't be ridiculous. You won't grow if you don't eat breakfast."

"Mind your own business. Don't cut into my lifestyle.
...Anyways, you'll be preparing dinner! I won't talk unless you cook something good, okay?"
Tohsaka glares at me irritatedly.

"...All right. I'll make something... Saber, you're eating too, right?"
"Certainly, if you will prepare some for me. Food is an important source of energy."
"All right. Then be good, you two."

I grab the apron and go to the kitchen.
Fortunately, there's about three people's worth of ingredients in the refrigerator.
I started cooking rice when I woke up, so it should be done in about half an hour.

I glance at Tohsaka and Saber from the kitchen.
"...Hm."
They look like they'd prefer western meals over Japanese food.
It's unlikely that Saber, let alone Tohsaka, will understand the tastes of tofu and natto.

"No, more importantly, Saber might not be able to use chopsticks."
I ponder this for a second, but I can't help it.
There's only a limited range of dishes I can make with what's in the fridge.

Anyways, there's some tofu.
After thinking for a bit, I decide to make some deep-fried tofu. For soup, I'll make miso soup with seaweed and tofu.
I have some chicken, so I'll make teriyaki out of it and make that the main dish.

I drain the water off the tofu, season the chicken, and cut the Japanese white radish while I'm at it to make salad. I grate the white radish, cook some green peppers

"Are your plans from now on determined, Rin?"
"Who knows? I can't say much since I don't have any information, but I think it's most important to find out about the other Masters.
There are four more Masters. I want to search for them without them realizing I'm a Master, but it probably won't go perfectly."

...Hm.
I told them to be good, so what's with that dangerous conversation?
Can't they see that I'm busy making dinner for the three of uno, they aren't even looking.

"Tohsaka! Not four, five! The only Masters we know are you and me!"
I yell, holding the big pot for the deep-fried tofu.

"What are you talking about? You, me, and Ilyasviel makes three. Did you already forget about Berserker?"
"Oh."

...Oh yeah, that girl is a Master too.
Berserker was so strong that I forgot, but stillI can't believe a girl that small is a Master who mercilessly tried to kill us.

"I understand. You're you, so I bet you didn't see her as an enemy. It's fine, so concentrate on the cooking. It'll be a problem if I can't judge how good you are."

"Uh?"
I don't know how my cooking skill affects her, but what she says is correct.
The preparation will be done soon, so I should concentrate on finishing dinner now.

"Ilyasviel... you must mean Berserker's Master.
"Rin, you seemed to know her."
"...Yeah, I know her name. Einzbern is a magus family lineage that has almost made it to the Holy Grail a few times."

"...So they are well-accustomed to the Holy Grail War?"
"I would think so. I don't know about the others yet, but I can't be wrong in saying that Ilyasviel is our biggest obstacle. Usually, Berserker is a class chosen to strengthen a weak hero.
It takes sanity away as compensation for strengthening the hero, but to control such an 'insane Servant' requires enormous amounts of magical energy.[l]
For example, if you became Berserker"

"I would not be able to talk like I am doing now. Removing all roles as a collaborator and specializing in battle is how Berserker is. But that is like subduing a wounded lion. A normal magus will not be able to control it."

"I'll bet. A normal magus cannot control Berserker even when some minor hero becomes it.
But Ilyasviel summoned a top-grade hero, made him Berserker, and controlled him completely.
...It's irritating, but her ability as a Master is on a completely different level."

"...I feel the same way. Our current problem is that this exact Master is after us."
"Yeah. My Archer hasn't healed enough to return to battle. How about you, Saber? Is your injury okay now?"

"...It will not be a problem if I am to fight normally, but I am not healed enough to fight Berserker.
The injury from the battle against Berserker is healed, but it seems it will take longer to heal the wound I received from Lancer."

"I see. Then I guess all we can do is wait and see for now."
"I have a suggestion about that. I hear Archer has sharp eyes. Would it be wise to have him keep watch around the house?"

"That's what I've been planning to do. I'll have him keep watch on the roof, so we should know right away if anyone strange is approaching this place. This house has a boundary field that warns of intruders, so our defenses are perfect.
...Though, if Berserker comes and attacks us, all we can do is run."

The two are continuing on without me.

I'm a bit annoyed.
I'm making dinner, so why are they talking without me?

First of all, Tohsaka is too friendly with Saber.
...Well, it's true that Tohsaka isn't that friendly with me, so it helps if Saber talks to her, but

"Hm?"
The face reflected in the glass of the kitchen cabinet looks disappointed.
...That's weird. Why am I angry?

"All right."
I prepare the dishes for the three of us and put the prepared dinner on the tray.
I move to the living room.
"Geez, don't talk about dangerous stuff during dinnertime."
I put the tray in front of Tohsaka.

"Huh? What are you angry about, Shirou? Oh, should I have at least helped carrying it out?"
"I'm not angry. But weren't you not going to be friendly?"
I glare at her.

Tohsaka goes "huh?", and after that...
...Makes a frightening smile.

"We were just deciding on the structure for cooperation. Don't worry, I won't steal your Saber."
"!"
I can tell my face is blushing.
I can tell what I'm angry about after Tohsaka tells me.

"Y-Y-You"
"Oh, was I mistaken? Then I'm sorry, Emiya-kun."
"Guh, you...... oh, just keep talking!"
I retreat to the kitchen to get the rest of the food.

...Uhh, she really got me.
Tohsaka is still smiling and Saber is expressionless as always.
...Man. I'm really worried about whether we can continue with this member...

In that way, dinner starts.

I'm silent.
With what happened earlier, it annoys me to talk to Tohsaka, and I'm too embarrassed to even look at Saber.

"......"
Saber eats dinner silently.
Her gestures are elegant, and I can't possibly imagine she was swinging around a sword.

And, well, how should I put this....
"...Hmm. ...Hmm, hmm."
She nods every time she eats something she hasn't eaten before.
Her gestures are strange.
It must be her way of expressing that it's good.
By the way, she is able to use the chopsticks.

On the other hand, Tohsaka is...
"All right, I'll win...!"
She clenches her fist after taking a bite.

"Fufu, wait until tomorrow, Emiya Shirou...!"
She shakes her clenched fist.

God.
Have I done something bad?

"Um, about what you guys were talking about."
"Hm?"
The two both raise their heads.


Hold on. Hold on hold on hold on hold on.
Even one of them is enough to tense me up, so they shouldn't both react.

"What are you referring to?"
"...About what to do from now on. You guys were talking about it while I was cooking."
"About searching for other Masters for now?"
"Yeah, that. I was wondering what exactly you were going to do?"

"Well... we can only look for them slowly.
Oh, yeah. Can you at least sense other magi's presence? It'll be easy if that's the case."

"No. I went to the same school as you for two years and I still didn't realize you were a magus, Tohsaka."
"Just as I thought.... Well, that's fine. The others would be hiding their presence, so it should be impossible to find them from their traces anyways.
How about you, Saber? I hear Servants can detect other Servants."

"I can somewhat, but only when they are using their abilities nearby. In my case, I can only detect them within about a two hundred meter radius."
"I see. Then we'll have to wait for their actions or find some place where it seems strange. If a Master acts, their traces should remain. So that means we are going to try to find those."

"So, are you saying we should search throughout the town?"
"No, you shouldn't do that. They'll be searching too, so that'll tell them right away that you're a Master."

"For now, we shouldn't take the initiative until we are prepared.
Go through life as you were and don't let them know that you're a Master.
Hide the Command Spell so no one will see it.
Try not to go to desolate places.
Come home before dark.
And, what else..."

"Please try to take your Servant with you when you go outside. Can Archer guard you, Rin?"
"I guess he can do that much. I'll have him ready in spirit form, so it should be okay. The problem is"
"My Master."

"Right. Are you listening, Shirou? Take Saber with you when you go anywhere. It's our rule to stay out of people's sight, but some idiot might attack us in the middle of the day.
Have Saber with you in case of things like that."

"All right. I'll try."
I respond without interest.
I understand what she's saying, but I'm resistant to being with Saber all the time.

I feel nervous talking to Tohsaka, but Saber makes me even more nervous.
...No, it's wrong to say I'm nervous.
I'm just bad at talking with Saber.

"What is it?"
"Nothing. I'll give you more, so give me your bowl."
"No, I am fine. It was very good, Shirou."

"!"
I look away before I realize.
...I can't even look at her normally, so how can I stay with her all the time?

"Oh, it's no good, though. Saber can't become a spirit, so she won't be able to follow you to school."
"School...? Are you a student, Shirou?"

"That's right... Oh, Saber isn't a student, so she can't enter the school.... She'll just have to stay here while I go to school."
"...Can't you not go to school, Shirou?"

"I can't. If you want me to live normally, I have to go to school. And there's no danger at school. There aren't many places with that many people."
"But..."

"It's all right, Saber. I'll be at school too, so I'll back him up in case of emergencies."
"I'm saying there won't be any emergencies."
So I declare.

"...I understand. If Master says so, I will obey."
Saber nods, though she looks discontent.

The night wears on.
It seems Tohsaka has prepared and taken her bath while I was cleaning up after dinner.
Geez, it seems she's really selfish from her first day here.

"...I should seize the initiative from now on..."
I know that, but seizing the initiative from her seems really difficult.

"...Man. On the subject of difficulties, there's one more that's giving me trouble..."
No, rather, the main problem.
Tohsaka will understand if I talk to her, but this person doesn't seem to understand however much I talk to her.

"...Saber, huh? I know she's not a bad person but..."
Saber is back in her room.
Tohsaka should be resting in her room in the outbuilding.

I'm the only one in the living room.
There's still time until bedtime, so I should talk to Saber.
...Honestly, I have to get over my inability to talk to her, or I'm worried about our future.

First of all, ignoring her being a Servant and all, she is a girl from a younger age.
There are a lot of things I'll find out from talking to her, and most of all...

"...I have to get used to her, or Tohsaka will constantly make fun of me..."
Yeah, that's troubling.
It's troubling, so I should be able to talk to her more lightheartedly.
I return to my room.
Next door, past this one small sheet, is Saber's room.

"...Saber, are you awake?"
"I am awake. Is something wrong, Master?"
Opening the sliding screen silently, Saber enters.

"Uh."
I hold onto my heart, pounding from having her actually in front of me.
...Calm down. I'm just going to talk to her as a Master.

"Shirou? You do not look so well. Have your wounds opened up?"
"Uhno, that's not it. I'm fine already. Are you fine?"

"Yes, there is no problem. With my current condition, it should take some time to fully heal, but I am still above my average. I should be able to match anyone other than Berserker."

Saber declares so.
It's not confidence or boasting.
She is probably just telling the truth.


I have no response.
Saber's statement should be encouraging to a Master, but II don't want such a slender girl to fight.

"Um... I'll ask you something. Don't you have any other objective other than fighting? You're in this time, so don't you have anything else you want to do?"

"Other objectives...? I do not have any such things. Servants are only summoned to fight.
Any other objectives are useless. Your statements are misdirected."

I thought so.
I'm pretty much asking one who was summoned to fight, not to fight.
It's not that I want to tell her that.
Well, how should I put thisSaber is lacking in humanity.
It would be fine if she were only going to fight, but she's in front of me as an actual person.

So I can't allow her to just fight.
If Saber is actually here, I have to have her do something she enjoys.

"Hey, Saber. Servants are heroes from the past, right? So"
I stop myself before I ask her what she was like before.

 'I cannot tell you my real name.'[r]
Saber said that before as a secret between us.
So even if I asked her about her past, she wouldn't answer.

"Shirou? It is not good to stop what you have begun to say. I shall answer if it is necessary."
"No, forget about it. I was just about to say something stupid."

I say that, averting my gaze.
...It really was something stupid.
I shouldn't have been interested in Saber's true identity, and she refused because she couldn't tell me.
If I bring it up again, it will only prove that I'm a no-good Master, repeating a useless question.

"......"
But what else is there to talk about besides that?
If I can't ask about Saber, the only thing that remains is about me.
...That would be even more meaningless though.

"Hm."
Now, I'm just gonna do what I want.
If I can't ask about her true identity, I'll get ready to have her look at me strangely, and I'll ask about things such as what she likes and what she wants for breakfast and

"Shirou. If you do not have any questions, may I ask you?"
"Huhyou can, but what?"

"About yesterday. You were cut by Berserker while trying to save me. You remember that, is that correct?"

"I remember... what? You want to continue this morning's conversation? I know it was a thoughtless action, so don't remind me about it. It makes me feel sick."

"I feel the same way. But I feel that I must ask you to understand.
Why did you stand up to Berserker?
Did you not understand what might happen to you if you approached us?"

"That's"
I knew that.
I understood that I'd be killed if I approached.
But I didn't try to save Saber out of optimism that I'd be safe while doing so.

...Back then, all I thought about was saving Saber.
I didn't care about what would happen afterwards.
At that time, the most important thing for me was saving Saber.

...Probably, it was just that my fear of not being able to save Saber was greater than my fear of getting killed.

"...Sorry, I've forgotten.
It happened in an instant, so I don't know what I was thinking. I was probably confused. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to do something so suicidal."

Perhaps because Saber's eyes were so serious.
I don't tell her the truth. I just say something to get out of this situation.

"...So in other words, you automatically tried to save me?"
"It wasn't automatic. I told you, I was confused.
If something like that happens again, I'll probably be trembling."

"I see. That is normal for a human. No human would try to save another while ignoring their own life.
Even heroes should be no exception to that."

"Soif someone like that exists, they would be lacking something.
If he continued with that missing thing, only tragedy would await."

Her deep green eyes are trying to tell me something.

...I take that and...
"You're persistent, Saber. I told you I was just confused. I'm scared of death too. I can't be a saint.
...If something like that happens again, I'll save myself before you."
...I deflect it with heartless words.

"That is good. It should be no problem if it was just a misinterpretation on my part. Yes, you certainly are a coward. If you do not make any mistakes, you will become a proper magus."
"Hey. What's with that? Do I look like a coward?"

"Yes, very much so. Mostly the part where you try your best to accept the situation you are in. Such wisdom is sometimes called as cowardice. It is the same as saying that a man without fear cannot be wise."

She must be relieved.
Saber says this, smiling a bit.


That gesture is so lovely and elegant.
Because of it, I cannot think of anything else to say, and we end up staying in the room together a while.
...And night falls.
It's not like I need to talk to Saber or Tohsaka, so bedtime comes as usual.

It's eleven o'clock.
The lights in the house are turned off, and the people in it sleep to prepare for tomorrow.

......
............
..................
"I can't sleep."

I open my eyes, still on my side.
It's the room I've grown accustomed to sleeping in, but it's different today.

"...Geez. Why can I"
It's so quiet, so why can I hear Saber's breathing in the next room?
No, I know. If it's so quiet, it's only natural for me to be able to hear what's going on in the next room, and being able to hear her sleeping makes me imagine her sleeping.

"...Ugh, dammit...! I can't sleep like this...!"
I'm tired of this hell.
I climb out of the futon trying not to wake Saber, and I retreat to my usual place.

"...Thank God. I thought Saber would notice, but she must be pretty dull."
Or maybe she just sleeps deeply.
I wonder for a moment whether she can really protect her Master like that, but there's no danger now.
If Servants are connected to their Masters, she should wake up when her Master is in danger.

"Tohsaka... seems to be asleep."
The lights there are off.
She must be defiant, or just adaptable.
Tohsaka must have gotten used to this place in just a day.

"...Well, it really does help having her around and all."
Yeah, it helps, even if it's troubling sometimes.
For example, the bandage wrapped around my hand.

"Hide the Command Spell, huh? I didn't realize until she told me."
The Command Spell a Master bears appears somewhere on their arm.
In my case, it is on the back of my left hand.
I can't hide it with my clothes, so I'm hiding it with a bandage, even though it looks unnatural.

"...It's winter, so I'll wear something long over it."
Tohsaka has hers around the middle of her right hand, or somewhere like that.
They say the Command Spell is different for each Master, but I don't think I'll ever see Tohsaka's Command Spell.

The shed is silent.
This is the place where Lancer cornered me yesterday.
And where Saber appeared.
The door is still open and the inside is dark as if denying anyone's entry.

But this darkness is familiar to me.
The old building that I used to play in, the place you could call my real room, stands silently in the cold winter night.

...I enter.
I close the door to shut out the outside air, and turn on the old stove.

"Yeah, I considered skipping it just for today, but I shouldn't. Father would get mad at me if I skipped it two days in a row."
I sit in the middle of the shed and take a deep breath.
...Training should be continued without rest.
Magic is mental training for me, so I shouldn't neglect it for minor reasons.

"Phewhuh."
...I adjust my breathing and begin my training.
Inside my head is the usual image.
The image of the sword that appears in my empty head.


I ignore it and clear my mind.
Once I let magical energy flow through me, it's the usual practice of "strengthening".

The strengthening magic, which I succeeded at for the first time in a few years after being attacked by Lancer.
I have to repeat it before I forget it, and make sure I master it, or it'll be a waste.
"Trace, on."
I half-close my eyes and release the contents of my lungs.

Right now, this is all.
Everything goes away once I'm concentrating on this. The Holy Grail War, Saber, Tohsaka...
If I empty my mind and forget all the doubts I have, I should be able to sleep tonight
...There's no choice from the start.
There are too many things I don't know, and I'm unskilled as a magus.
Even if it's temporary, if Tohsaka is going to give me a hand, I don't think there's any better option.

"All right. I'll take that offer, Tohsaka. Honestly, it will really help me out if you do so."

"Then it's decided. Let's shake hands. For now, let's stay allies until we beat Berserker."
"Oh... I see. That's how it'll be, huh? I guess it can't be helped, but that's easier to understand."

I shake her hand.
...I'm a bit perplexed.
The instant I feel Tohsaka's soft hand, I realize she is a girl.
In comparison, my hand covered in scratches from messing around with stuff is ill-suited.


The instant I think so, I pull back, embarrassed.

"What? You don't want to cooperate with me after all?"
"No, it's not that. It's a real help to be able to ally with you. It's not that, so don't worry about it."

After making a puzzled face,"Ohhhhh."
She makes a malicious expression.

"W-What? I'll take back the agreement if you say something stupid. I will. I really will!"
"Was that the first time you've held a girl's hand?
You seem to have lots of friends, but you're actually shy, Shirou."

"N-No! It's not that, but..."
I'm just embarrassed because it was Tohsaka... but I can never say such a thing, and certainly I have never touched a girl so strongly before.

...Well, Fuji-Nee is an exception.
She's more like someone from a different planet than from a different sex.
"Hey, hold on."
Wasn't there something weird in what she just said...?

"Ahaha, you really do show you feelings on your face like I've heard. Well, I won't ask you about it for now. It'll be a problem if I poke fun at you and you get sulky."

"Then here's a deposit. I'll give you this, so think of it as proof of our alliance."
Tohsaka puts a book on the table.

It looks just like a diary.
There's no title and it is wine-red.
...The color seems to suit Tohsaka.

"It's my father's, but I'll give it to you since I don't need it anymore. It's not something a full Master needs, but I thought you might need it."
Tohsaka's eyes tell me to take a look.

"...Then excuse me."
I open it to a random page.

Then.
There's nothing written in the book, but a strange image pops into my head.

"...!?? Tohsaka, what is this?"
"It's the status of each of the Servants. You already know the Holy Grail War has its set of rules, right? It's the same for the Servants."

"First of all, only seven heroic spirits are summoned.
Those seven can be summoned only after they become one of the predetermined classes that the Holy Grail has prepared in advance. Instead of bringing the actual heroic spirit, it made a class similar to the spirit and called it into that."

"Spiritual spells which call forth spirits put the spirit in the caster's body, right? It's like that.
To call forth a spirit from a different timeframe, it's easier to prepare a case for them in advance."

"Class... oh, that's why Saber is Saber!"
"That's right. I told you, heroic spirits need to hide their identity, right? That's why they will never say their real names. Naturally, their summoned class becomes their name."

"So, the seven classes prepared are:[vr]
Saber, Lancer, Archer, Rider, Caster, Assassin, Berserker."

"There is a change in one or two of the classes every Holy Grail War, but we have a basic lineup this time. The standard opinion is that Saber is the best Servant.
Each class has their own special characteristics, but the abilities of the Servants differ according to the rank of the heroic spirit summoned."

"Rank of the heroic spirits... you mean how strong they were when they were alive?"

"That also, but what strengthens their ability is their popularity.
What they did and what weapons they had do not change, but their basic abilities change depending on how famous they are in this time.
Heroic spirits are like gods, so they grow stronger the more people worship them."

"I guess you can say it solidifies their presence. It's the same as divine spirits falling to the rank of spirits when they lose their faith. Heroes that are forgotten by the people do not have much power.
But then, even if they are forgotten or unknown, if he was originally a powerful hero, then I think he can keep his powers to some extent."

"...Then if it's a hero everyone knows, and if their story was extraordinary"
"They would undoubtedly be a Rank A Servant.
Berserker might be the strongest in that regard too.
After all, he is the most famous hero in Greek mythology.
The heroes from the age of gods have special Noble Phantasms just because of that, and if the hero itself is strong to add to that, there's nothing much we can do."

"...Tohsaka. Um, what is this 'Noble Phantasm'?"
"It's the symbol that the Servant used in their life. Heroes and their holy swords or demonic swords come as a set, right? So in other words, their weapons."
"...? Weapons... you mean like Saber's invisible sword?"

"Yeah. I don't know what history it has, but it certainly is her Noble Phantasm.
I don't think I even need to say, but heroes cannot stay in a legend with just their names.
They each have a weapon that became their trademark.
That is the most powerful weapon, called a Noble Phantasm, the crystallization of people's desire for a miracle."

"Hmm... so in short, a powerful magical item?"

"Right. To be blunt, heroes themselves cannot match powerful spells or divine mysteries.
But it's a different story when the Noble Phantasms come in.
Heroes wielding Noble Phantasms can even defeat spirits of several ranks higher.
It's because most holy and demonic swords appearing in legends are close to the level of sorcery."

"Swords that kill dragons which are the most powerful fantasia race, shoes that run far and wide, and even god-killing demonic swords.
...Anyways, the weapons heroes have are so extraordinary, it makes you wonder how they cannot be all-mighty.
I'm not overstating saying that the battle between Servants is concentrated in the battle between the Noble Phantasms."

"...So, Servants that are heroic spirits have at least one Noble Phantasm?"

"Yes. As a general rule, one hero can only hold one Noble Phantasm.
Usually something like a sword or a spear. There's this weapon called the mountain-destroying sword in China, right? You can only swing it once, but it's a magical sword so one swing will even destroy a mountain and such. I think it's kind of like that."

"However, Noble Phantasms are miracles that need to be activated by stating their true name, so it's not something they can use easily."

"...? It's activated just by saying the weapon's name, right? Why would that mean it can't be used easily?"

"Hey now, if you know the name of the weapon, you can also tell which hero the Servant is.
A hero and his weapon come as a set, so once you know the name of the weapon, you naturally know the name of the owner. If that happens, you know every strength and weakness of that Servant."

"I see. Certainly, that's true."
Saber did work out Lancer's identity after he used his Noble Phantasm.
Something like being Ireland's child of light...

"Hm."
So, if I summarize this...
Servants are separated into classes, each of them a heroic spirit suited to their class.

These heroic spirits hide their identity.
And their weapons are their greatest trump card, but they cannot readily use them since they reveal their identity.

"That concludes the lecture on Servants.
You should learn the details if you read that book, so take a look at it when you have time. If you get used to it, you should be able to identify the Servant from intuition without the book."
Saying that, Tohsaka stands up.

"Well then, I'm heading home."
"Huh? Yeah, thanks."
I look up at Tohsaka, who's about to leave.

"Don't take this the wrong way. Even though we're cooperating right now, in our position, we will eventually have to fight. Once all the other Masters are dead, or even if they are alive, this fact will not change.
Soit'll be easier if you don't think of me as human, Emiya-kun."

Clearly stating our position, Tohsaka goes home.

I feel the white sunlight upon me.
There must be a draft. I feel a cold wind and slowly wake up.

"Huh... it's the shed"
I pick my body up and shake my sleepy head.
"I see, I fell asleep here yesterday."
After yesterday's routineafter the training to create another sensation within me, I must have been too lazy to return to my room.

"It must still be before six. ...Damn, I should prepare breakfast."
I fold up the blanket, straighten up the things I failed to "strengthen" yesterday, and head back to the house to wash my face.

"It's cold."
When I leave the shed, it's really cold outside.
Fuyuki City is warm during the winter, but the top of the mountain on this side has the chill of a normal winter.

"Oh, there's some frost... I should do something about the lawn soon."
The sound of breaking ice.
There is frost on the ground and footprints are formed as I walk.

So.
I wash my face with freezing water and pull myself together.

"All right."
I'm wide awake now.
Now that I'm awake, all the things I don't want to think about, like the situation I'm in, come straight to mind.

"...Oh yeah. I shouldn't be washing my face so calmly......"
It's five to six.
There are a ton of things I have to do, but I should return to my room and check on Saber first.

"...Yeah. I guess I left the room without saying anything, so I should explain things to her."
I'll be troubled if Saber misunderstands things.
...It's my daily routine to go out to the shed at night, so she should understand if I explain.

"After explaining things to Saber, I should make breakfast. ...It seems Tohsaka won't be eating, so I should just add Saber's share."
Oh. In that case, I should go and buy more ingredients for the additional people. I should note that before I forget.

"...Hm? I'm sure I'm forgetting something..."
What could it be?
It feels like I'm forgetting something really important

"Gah, it's six. I have to hurry or I won't make it."
Well, if I can't remember, it can't be anything important.


I quietly open the door.
The room is just like it was yesterday.
There's no sign of Saber waking up in the middle of the night and searching this room.
I guess she didn't realize that I escaped the room last night.

"...That's kind of a letdown. I thought Saber might notice."
Or did she need sleep so much that she couldn't notice?

"...I see. That must be what she means when she said she needs to sleep frequently."
That must be why she's sleeping as close to me as she can, so she can come to me in case something does happen.

"......"
Either way, it won't make much difference where I go if it's within the house.
I can detect intruders from the boundary field.
I should be able to protect myself for about a minute with that, and Saber should be able to come save me in a minute wherever I may be in this house.

"...That's right. And if it's the shed, there'll be plenty of places to hide."
Anyways, I shouldn't be scolded at for what I did last night.
I was considering explaining this to Saber, but it seems there's no need for that. And I don't think I should wake her up either if she's asleep.

"Saber, I'm going to prepare breakfast. I'll prepare some for you, but you don't have to get up if you're tired.
I'll come get you later, so rest until then."
I call out to her and quietly leave the room.

There's no one in the living room.
I open the refrigerator and consider what I should make for breakfast.

And then.
"Mornin'. You're up pretty early."
Tohsaka comes in, looking like she's in a really bad mood.

"T-Tohsaka...? What, did something happen...!?"
"Nothing. I'm always like this in the mornings, so don't worry."
Tohsaka crosses the living room like a ghost.

"Hey, are you all right? You don't look all right."
"I'm telling you, don't worry, I'll wake up when I wash my face. ...Uh, how do I get to the bathroom from here?"

"You can take that hallway. There's a bathroom in the hallway by the entrance if you're going to wash your face."
"Oh yeah, there was one there, wasn't there?"
I'm not sure how much she heard, but Tohsaka waves her hand and leaves.

And then.
Just as Tohsaka disappears into the hallway, I hear a bell informing me of a visitor.

"Shirou? Someone's here?"
I hear Tohsaka's voice from the hallway.
"Oh, don't worry about it! Only my friends come at this time!"
It'll be Sakura arriving at this time.
Sakura has a spare key, so I shouldn't need to go to the door.

"...Geez. She never listens, even though I keep telling her she doesn't need to ring the bell."
Sakura is like a member of the family, so she can come in when she wants.
But she's polite, and she only comes in after saying "excuse me".
That must be one of Sakura's good points, but if she's considerate all the time, she'll


Hold on.
Sakura... is... at my house...?

"...!!!"
I run through the hallway.
Scolding myself for my stupidity comes later.
I have to get to the entrance and make her go home before she sees Tohsaka!

"Haa... haa...!"
I reach the entrance, out of breath.
But it's too late.
There...


...Is Tohsaka, greeting the guest, even though I didn't ask her to,"Huh?"
and Sakura, just standing there, surprised.

Sakura is at the door, and Tohsaka is in the hallway.
With an indescribable tension, the two look at each other.

"Good morning, Matou-san. Are you surprised to see me here?"
Tohsaka asks, as if looking down on Sakura from the hallway.

"Tohsaka... Senpai."
Her face asks why.
Sakura looks up at Tohsaka with fear in her eyes.


Damn it.
I can't call out to them.
They are ignoring me and staring at each other.
There's no room for me to say anything.

All I can do is to think how to explain things to Sakura, but before I can think up a good explanation....
"Senpai... what is this...?"
Sakura looks at me as if asking for help.

"Yeah. Well, it's a long story"
"It's not long. I'm just staying over here."
Clearly.
She cuts off my sentence and just states the point.

"...Senpai, is that true?"
"The short answer is yes. There are circumstances, so I have her staying here now.
...Sorry, I forgot to tell you and surprised you."

"P-Please don't apologize, Senpai. ...Um, I was certainly surprised, but that's fine. But what you said, you really"
"Yes, this is what Shirou and I have decided. The head of the household, Shirou, decided, so that's how it is.
You understand what this means, right, Matou-san?"

"...Understand what?"
"It seems you have been taking care of Shirou up to now, but this means he doesn't need that anymore. It'll be a bother if you come here, and it's for your sake not to come here."


Sakura looks down and falls silent.
After a brief moment of silence...
Suddenly,"...I don't understand."
Sakura states so in a clear, small voice.

"Uhhuh?"
"...I said, I have no idea what Tohsaka-Senpai is talking about."

"H-Hey Sakura"
"Excuse me. Senpai, I'll be using the kitchen.
Sakura enters the house with a bow and goes into the living room, ignoring Tohsaka.

"Wha"
Tohsaka is standing there, astonished.
The same goes for me too. This is the first time I've seen Sakura act like that, so I don't know what to say.
...No, that is surprising, but something else was unexpected too.

"Hey, Tohsaka. How did you know Sakura was coming over to my house? I don't remember telling you about it."

"Huh? Oh, I heard about it before somewhere. It's just a coincidence.
But I'm surprised. Is she always so energetic here? She's totally different from when she's at school."

It must have been really unexpected, as Tohsaka says this with disappointment.
That must mean Tohsaka knows Sakura pretty well.

Sakura seems to have known Tohsaka, so they must have had a friendship I didn't know about.
...Well, that aside.

"No, I'm surprised as well. That's the first time I've seen Sakura be so snappy. She's just the way she is at school when she comes to help around here. I'd say this is a special case."
"Hmmm, I see... this is bad, I never knew Sakura was so perverse. I should have let you explain things."

She's right.
I would have been able to explain things better than the merciless Tohsaka.

"What's done is done. But what's bad about it?"

"Of course it's bad. This place might turn into a battlefield. I warned Sakura so we can keep unrelated people away from here, but it seems it'll be harder to get her out now."
"You were warning her? I thought you were tormenting her."

"Hey! Did you say something!?"
"Just an honest opinion. Anyways, about Sakura. What should we do? I don't think she'll go home now.
...I'll make it clear now. I won't allow Sakura to get involved."

"We'll just have to do something. So, does Sakura only come in the mornings? Or are you using her during the evenings too?"
"Don't word it to be misinterpreted. She always comes in the mornings, but not so much for dinner."

"I see. Then it would be every day from now on."
"Huh? Every day? What is?"
Tohsaka sighs at my response.

After that.
Tohsaka remains in the living room and Sakura begins to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.
I feel uneasy about leaving Sakura and Tohsaka together in the living room, but I'm not stupid enough to forget about Saber.

It seems Sakura is angry about Tohsaka being here, so things will only get worse if Saber comes out now.
Because of that, I decide to explain the situation to Saber.

"...So, that's the situation.
Sakuraoh, the person here right now is called Sakura. She's not a magus and she's just a normal girl, so we can't have her involved in the Holy Grail War. If I can help it, I want her to stay away from this place without learning anything"
No, I didn't come here to consult her on how to get Sakura away from here!

"Well, Sakura is acting strangely this morning.
Tohsaka is the reason, but I don't want to shock her even more. Well, Sakura is already surprised that a stranger's here. I think it will get worse if you come out, so... wait, I'm not insulting you, am I, Saber...?"

"No, I understand what you are saying. So I should remain here, yes?"
"! Yes, that would really help! I'll come back as soon as I see Sakura out, so let's have breakfast then."
Saber nods silently.
Wow, thank God Saber is so understanding.

All right.
I'm worried about the living room too, so I should hurry back there.
"Shirou."
"What is it, Saber?"

"You do not need to explain such things to me, but you should calm down a bit. Your actions are a bit strange."
"Huham I panicking?"

"Yes. If you are to return to the living room, you should calm down beforehand."
Saber advises me in her usual tone.
So.
The everyday breakfast begins as if nothing has happened.

"Here you go, Senpai. How about you, Tohsaka-Senpai?"
Sakura is handing out the rice bowls, just like her usual self.
I don't know what happened while I was gone, but the tension between the two has disappeared.
Well, at least on the surface.

"...Okay. I'll have some."
After pondering for a moment, she takes the bowl from Sakura.
Sakura smiles and starts to set up the miso soup and other things like the fried eggs.
Tohsaka watches her with a complex expression.

"Tohsaka. I thought you weren't one to eat breakfast?"
"I'll eat whatever's prepared. That's only polite, you know."
I don't know what's bothering her, but she glares at me and picks up her chopsticks.

"...Well, I guess it's good for you. Itadakimasu. And sorry to make you prepare breakfast, Sakura."
"No, this is my job, so please don't worry about it. Then I'll have some too."

"What a wonderful position you are in. What kind of king are you, making your junior prepare your breakfast? Well, I'll ask about that later and just eat breakfast for now."




Gah. No conversation.


It's not that terrible a mood, and anyway, it's always like this during breakfast.
Sakura and I aren't talkative, so it's natural for our meals to be quiet.
So, why is it that our breakfasts are always loud?

"...?"
Hold on.
Something's clicking in my head......

"Senpai? Um, was the fish seasoned too strongly...?"
"No, it's fine. But I feel like I'm forgetting something."

What is it?
I try to conclude that if I can't remember it, it can't be important. But I feel like that would be a terrible mistake.
I feel uneasy, as if I'm ignoring a disease that could kill me if left untreated.

"Oh well. It probably isn't important."
I forcefully make myself understand.
And then...
"Morning. Man, I slept in."
Fuji-Nee enters with loud footsteps.


I see.
It's not that I couldn't remember.
I just wanted to postpone the problem by forgetting about it.

"Shirou, food."
Fuji-Nee sits Japanese-style in her usual seat.
The two's greetings are in strange unison.

"Here you go, Sensei. It's not much, but please have some."
Sakura gives her a bowl with her usual smile.

"Mm?"
She receives the bowl from Sakura and tilts her head.
She knows something is wrong, but she can't tell what it is.
Fuji-Nee quietly starts to eat.
And after finishing one bowl of rice, she quietly whispers in my ear.

"...Hey, Shirou. Why is Tohsaka-san here?"
"That's because she's staying here now."
I explain things to her truthfully.

"Oh, I see. Tohsaka-san sure does some strange things."
"Yeah, she's a weirdo. She keeps a mask on at school."

"I see, so she's staying here, huh?"
She understands and takes a sip of her miso soup.

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN 'STAYING HERE', SHIROU!!!!?"

The table is thrown up.
Fortunately, Sakura is on the other side and Tohsaka has already moved out of the way, so it seems I'm the only victim.

"Ahhhhh! W-W-W-W-What are you doing, Fuji-Nee!? This is miso soup, cooked rice, and food cooked in pot! It'll be hot if you spill that on mehey, why are we having food in a pot for breakfast anyway...!?"

"Shut up! What are you thinking, Shirou!? What kind of love-comedy are you in, letting a girl stay over? No, it's not even funny!"

"I'm not trying to make anyone laugh...! No, more importantly, this is hot! I'll get burned! Sakura, get me a towel!"
"Here you go. I've prepared a cold towel, Senpai."
"Thanks...! Whoa, a piece of chicken fell in my shirt, and a hot one too!?"

"The towel comes later. Listen up, Shirou. Are you saying this seriously!?"
"Of course. You know I'm not one to joke like this.
Anyways, I'm letting Tohsaka stay here. I'll listen to complaints, but I won't change my mind."

"I object! I don't know what you're up to, but I can't allow it! Onee-chan won't allow you to live with a girl your age!"
Fuji-Nee roars.

...Well, I guessed it.
Fuji-Nee is my guardian and a school teacher.
I don't think I can escape such a situation with merely a hundred beatings from the shinai, or even from a real sword.
But I guess you could say it's ill fortune that I have to push through with this.

"You have to. I don't have any bad intentions, and we're not like that. I could just say we got into an accident, and I ended up letting her use a room here as a result."

"SHUT UP! I CAN'T ALLOW IT!!!!
I won't allow her to stay here! I don't know Tohsaka-san's circumstances, but make her go home at once!"
Damn, she won't even listen.
Crap, I guess she isn't someone I can convince...!

"Sensei. You say you would not allow me to stay here, but I have already spent a night here."
And then.
Tohsaka says those words, like pouring cold water on Fuji-Nee.

"Huh?"
"I said, I was allowed to stay here yesterday.
No, I stayed here from Saturday evening, so I have stayed here for two nights, to be accurate. I have borrowed the room in the outbuilding, and my luggage is already there.
How about it, Sensei? Looking at things objectively, it seems that I am already staying here."


Fuji-Nee's face goes pale.

"S-S-Shirou, what have you done...!? Do you know what would happen if Kiritsugu-san found out about this!?"
"I bet he'd be happy. He'd say something about a man's resourcefulness or whatnot."

"Ugh... I feel the same way. Kiritsugu-san was really indulgent with girls... I see, so you inherited that, you idiot!"
Fuji-Nee grabs my collar and shakes me around.
...Well, the inheritance aside, it was Father's belief that girls should be protected.
I don't go around telling people that like Father did, but I do believe he was right.

But...
"What? Do you need help?"
I think a man would have to be tough to recognize that cold-hearted person as a girl.

"...Please. I can't do anything about the situation. I have high expectations of your political skills."
I say, while being shaken.
"Okay. Then I'll settle this immediately."
Tohsaka, who was only watching from a distance, comes to stand directly beside Fuji-Nee.

"Fujimura-Sensei. Only screams will come out of Emiya-kun even if you shake him, so please stop. Well, breakfast might come out too."
"Hmph... what, that serious face doesn't scare me, Tohsaka-san. As a teacher and as Shirou's guardian, I can't allow you to stay."

Fuji-Nee lets go of me and confronts Tohsaka.
It must be her natural instincts.
She must have thought Tohsaka would get her if she kept concentrating on me.

"Why is that? There are many students that are boarding at our school. Is it not our school policy to encourage the students' independence?"

"What, even if you use difficult words, you still can't stay. You can't get independence from staying in a place like this.
This place is a dream house. It prepares meals for you, prepares baths for you, and is always clean without you doing anything. You'll be corrupted if you stay in a place like this."
"...Fuji-Nee."
That statement is problematic, coming from a teacher.

"And as a rule, only students living far away can board at someone's house. Tohsaka-san's house is farther from school than here, but it's not like you can't go to school from there, right? Even Sakura-chan commutes from that area, so there's no need to stay here."

"But my house is undergoing complete remodeling right now.
It is an old building, so it's getting a bit unsteady. I was thinking of staying at a hotel until the remodeling is done, but when I explained the situation to Emiya-kun as he happened to pass by, he said I could use his house rather than waste money."

"Hm... that does sound like something Shirou would say."
"Yes. I was surprised by the idea coming from Emiya-kun, with whom I am not too well acquainted. But staying at a hotel is indeed costly, and most of all, unstudent-like. So I thought it would be more beneficial for me to stay at Emiya-kun's house instead."

"Hm... Hmmmm."
Fuji-Nee groans.
Since Tohsaka's answer and attitude are so student-like, it seems that as a teacher supposedly, Fuji-Nee cannot object.

"I understand your situation. But isn't there a problem? You are a girl and Shirou is a boy, so I don't know what could happen if the two of you stay under one roof."
"What do you mean by that, Sensei?"

"Uh... um, well, Tohsaka-san is pretty, and Shirou is a guy, so I thought I wouldn't like it if a mistake got made..."
"There won't be any. My room is on the edge of the outbuilding, and Emiya-kun's room is the room by the shed. It's more than thirty meters away. I believe there won't be any problems with this much distance between us."

"Y-Yeah, the outbuilding can be locked, so it's like a separate house, but..."

"Right? Or are you saying you don't trust Emiya-kun? You said earlier that you are Shirou's teacher. Then, I believe you know his personality better than I do. If he was the type to make that sort of mistake, I would not stay here."

"How dare you, Shirou is a gentleman! He wouldn't make a girl cry!"
"Then it should be fine. I trust Emiya-kun too. I knew I could stay here safely."
"Hmmmmmm."

The intensity in Fuji-Nee disappears.
...I guess it's decided now.
There are lots of things to follow up, but I bet Tohsaka can get through those.
So I guess Tohsaka officially has citizenship in my house now....

And so breakfast ends.
As expected, Fuji-Nee gave in after being talked down by Tohsaka.
In conclusion, we decided to try to keep it a secret at school, and to have Fuji-Nee look after us at home.
With that decided and with more people around the house, Fuji-Nee happily goes to school.

We finish breakfast, and I go to talk to Saber before I leave.
Saber, as expected, calmly says,"Please obey Rin at school.
Please consider me necessary when you are in danger. That will allow me to feel Master's danger."
And she goes back to her room.
And it's time to go to school.

"Let's go, then. I'm not used to this area, so show me the shortest way to school."
Beside me is Tohsaka Rin in her school uniform.

...The feeling is fading, but having Tohsaka in her uniform makes me tense.
I can't stay calm going to school with the prettiest girl in school, and on top of that...

"Senpai. I finished locking up the house."
Sakura is with us today.
As a member of the archery club, Sakura usually goes to school with Fuji-Nee.
But she stayed in the living room today, and was waiting for me to clean up after breakfast and go to school.

"What? You gave Sakura a spare key?"
"Yeah. She won't do anything bad, and she's been helping me for a long time too... yeah, when I put it like that, I can't really give you a key. You won't mind, right?"

"...I don't mind, but what is that supposed to mean?"
"Because you would do something bad. And I bet you won't have any problems without the key. I'm not crazy enough to do anything unnecessary."

"Oh, I see. Yes, as you say, I have no need of such a thing!"
Tohsaka looks away.

Maybe I'm just getting used to it, but I'm starting to think this gesture of Tohsaka's is interesting too.

"......"
"Hm? What, Sakura? If you're done locking up the house, let's go.
Tohsaka is with us today, so I want to leave early."
"Yes, you're right. If you say so, I will."

Sakura says so in a dispirited voice and follows after us.
...Geez.
Sakura has looked somewhat cheerless ever since Fuji-Nee lost to Tohsaka this morning.
Fuji-Nee assented, but Sakura must not have.

"...I guess I'll have to talk to her about it..."
That's right. I'll need to find an opportunity as quickly as I can, and make Tohsaka and Sakura be friends

The hill road is full of students.
It's past seven thirty in the morning. This is the time most students go to school.
So...
It's natural for me to be met with odd stares if I'm walking with people who stand out so much.

"......"
Did she forget something?
Tohsaka has been quiet like this for a while now.

"What's wrong, Tohsaka? You've been acting weird since around the road on the hill."
"Huh...? I thought so, am I weird?"

"No, you're not weird, but that reaction is weird."
"Senpai, that explanation is contradictory. I don't think Tohsaka-Senpai is asking about that..."
It seems Sakura knows what Tohsaka wants to ask about.

"Hm? What does Tohsaka want to ask about?"
"Everyone is staring at Tohsaka-Senpai, so she thinks there might be something wrong with her. Isn't that right?"

"T-That's right, but am I acting weird to your eyes as well?
That's strange. I was tired, but I did my hair and there shouldn't be any wrinkles on my uniform. ...I slept in a new place, so do I have dark circles around my eyes!?"

"What are you yelling at me for?
It's not my fault if you can't sleep in an unfamiliar place, and even if you do get dark circles, they're nothing much. Don't worry about it."

"How dare you! Girls care about their looks from the moment they're born.
Geez, I've always tried hard to look perfect at least on the outside, but I guess that came to an end today...!"

"So, what are you yelling at me for?
I don't know why you're weird, but it's definitely not my fault. Take it out on something else."

"You're mistaken, Tohsaka-Senpai. You're beautiful today as always.
Everybody is staring at you because you're with us today. You have never come to school with anyone else before."

"Huh...? So I'm getting this treatment because of something so small? ...I should be more careful. I thought I had this school thing mastered since I've been here for ten years now, but there are still some mysteries to it."

Tohsaka ponders seriously.
What kind of a person are you just to ignore praise like "you're beautiful as always"?

"...I don't get you. Of course there'll be a commotion if you go to school with someone. All the more so if it's a male student."
"Right. But Tohsaka-Senpai isn't one to care about such matters. That's why there have never been any rumors about men."

"I see... that's good. That means that there's only one victim who got deceived by her looks and got devastated."
I talk secretly with Sakura while following Tohsaka, who has a puzzled expression.

We go through the gate, still with people staring at us.
We will be going our separate ways once we enter the building, so I only need to endure the stares for a bit longer.

"...Heh. A troublesome guy even shows up in the morning."
Tohsaka murmurs.
Before her is a familiar face, coming through the students.

"Sakura!"
"Uh... Nii-san."
Sakura trembles a little.
Shinji must not see us, as he goes straight to Sakura.

"Why didn't you come to the dojo!? What are you doing, skipping it without my consent!?"
Shinji raises his hand.
I...
"Yo, Shinji. Working hard in the mornings, huh?"
...Catch his hand and greet him.

"E-Emiya...!?"
YouI see, you went to Emiya's house again, Sakura!?"
"...Yes. I went to help Senpai. But, that's..."

"Your responsibility as a junior? You're so unrefined. You shouldn't care about a guy who hurt himself. Don't worry and just do as I say."

Shinji lowers his hand.
...I have no reason to hold his hand if he's not going to hit Sakura, so I let it go.

"But what about you, Emiya? Is it so much fun to trouble us? Sakura is a member of the archery club, so could you stop forcing her to do things that'll make her skip practice?"
"Hm."

I can't object against that.
Since I haven't stopped Sakura from coming to make breakfast, that does mean I'm restricting Sakura's time in the morning.

"That's not true...! I'm helping Senpai by my choice. Aren't you going a bit far, Nii-san?"

"Too far? That's you, Sakura. So what if Emiya doesn't have parents? He says he's fine alone, so you can leave him alone. Someone like Emiya would feel more comfortable that way."

"Nii-san...! ...That's terrible..."
"Heh, fine. Don't go to Emiya's house from now on. You didn't come to the club when I told you to. You were prepared for this kind of a punishment, right?"


Sakura gasps and freezes.
Shinji tries to grab Sakura forcefully

"Good morning, Matou-kun. Sorry for eavesdropping, but that was a pretty interesting conversation right there."
"HuhToh... saka? Why are you with Sakura?"

"It's nothing unusual.
Sakura-san is an acquaintance of Emiya-kun, and I'm an acquaintance of Emiya-kun, so we all came together this morning. Didn't you notice?"

"Whaa-an acquaintance of Emiya...!?"
"Yes. I know him well enough that we'll be coming to school and going home together from now on. So, I'm thinking of making friends with Sakura-san too."

"With Emiya...!!!!!?"
Shinji glares at me.
...I must be just imagining that I felt more than enmity there.
Well, I haven't been doing well with Shinji lately, but I don't remember doing anything to make him resent me that much.

"Ha, that's ridiculous. That's a bad joke, Tohsaka. There's no way you'd be with Emiya.
...Oh, I see. You must have a misunderstanding. It's true that I was friends with Emiya a while ago, but we're detached now. So there isn't much point in that approach, you know?"

"Is that so? I'm glad to hear that. I didn't have the slightest interest in you."

"Wow."
I pity Shinji.
If that was me, it would be traumatic enough that I wouldn't recover for a while.

"You."
"And, Matou-kun? About that conversation earlier. The morning practice of the archery club is open participation. I've never heard that you need permission to be absent. I'm sure Fujimura-Sensei and Ayako don't know of such a rule either."

"Uhshut up! An older brother can do whatever he likes with his sister! Don't poke your nose into our family affairs!"
"Yes, I feel the same way. So isn't it wrong for you to say such things about Emiya-kun's household? Geez, you're rowdy so early in the day, Matou-kun."

"!"
Shinji takes a step back and glares at me and Sakura.

"All right, I'll forgive you for this morning.
But it won't happen again, Sakura. If something happens again, I'll make sure you understand your position."
Saying what he wants, Shinji runs away to the school building.
Yeah. He definitely ran away after losing to Tohsaka.

"...I'm sorry, Senpai. Nii-san, um... was rather rude."
Sakura lowers her head apologetically.
She must be apologizing to Tohsaka as well.

"No, it was good exercise. My mind went up a gear, so I'm finally up to par now. I love arguments."

"And I should be the one apologizing. I think I did a bit too much. He has his position to think of, so I shouldn't have done that in front of everybody, you know?
If Matou-kun is feeling down, cheer him up.
Tell him he doesn't have to learn from experience, and that he can come at me again."

"Ahyes. If he doesn't learn from experience, please talk to him again, Senpai."
Sakura must be relieved, as she smiles cheerfully.
Tohsaka is looking away, bashful.

"You too, Senpai. Um, please try not to get mad about it.
You're the only friend Nii-san has."
"I know. It's impossible not to get mad, but I knew he was that kind of a guy as soon as I got to know him.
Well, I know we'll get to know each other better someday, so I'll be patient with him."

"Yesplease give him your best regards, Senpai."
Sakura bows.
...Yeah.
If I do get really mad at Shinji, it'll be because he's not satisfied with such a wonderful sister.

"Then, Senpai, let's do our best today."
Sakura goes to the first year hallway.

We walk up the stairs and enter the second-year hallway, and...
"Whoa!?"
...Run into the student council president.

"W-Why are you with Tohsaka, Emiya Shirou!?"
I see. You are full of enmity too, for a different reason.

"Oh, good morning, Ryudou-kun. What kind of a greeting is 'whoa' supposed to be?"
"Guh, I had a bad feeling when I woke up, but I never thought things would go in such an unpropitious direction! Ah, come here, Emiya! You'll be poisoned if you stay so close to Tohsaka!"

Issei forcefully pulls on my hand.
After looking silently at us, Tohsaka heads to Class 2-A as if nothing has happened.

"Heh, go ahead. No one's going to stop you."
"......"
Tohsaka silently passes by us.
And then...
"Shirou, rooftop during lunch."
She mutters that so Issei would not be able to hear it.

It's lunchtime.
Since the events of this morning, Issei has avoided me, treating me like a traitor.

"...I guess I joked around a bit too much."
I contemplate my actions for a moment.
He asked me why I was with Tohsaka this morning.
"We got close during the holidays."
Answering like that was bad.

I think the problem is how we became close, but I couldn't explain that, and Issei walked away dizzily.

"...Well, I guess it's fine. I'll have to do a lot of things alone for a while."
It's good to have less people involved.
Well, what I should do right now is

1) Go and meet Tohsaka as arranged.
2) Explain things to Sakura.
I have that promise with Tohsaka.
It was a unilateral statement, but she must have something to talk about if she called for me.

I buy my lunch and go to the rooftop.
It's usually packed with students, but not in this cold winter air.

Even though the winter in Fuyuki City is warm, the coldness at the rooftop is unbearable.
The only ones on the rooftop are me and...
"You're late! What are you so slow for?"
...Tohsaka, shivering under cover.

"I do feel bad for being late. Because of that, I brought you something, but you might not need it acting like that, huh?"
I take the coffee I bought at the stand and put it in my pocket.

"Ugh... you have a naive face, but you're pretty thoughtful."
"It's just a whim. Come over here.
It's windy out here and people might see us."

I pass Tohsaka and hand her the coffee.
Here, nobody should find us right away and we won't be seen from the windows on the fourth floor.

"Thanks. Get me some tea next time. I like milk teas. The value of the gratitude goes down if it's anything else, so be careful."
"All right, if I remember next time. So what, why did you get me up here? Seeing how you chose a desolate place, I'm assuming it's about that sort of thing."

"O-Of course. What else do we have to talk about?"
"Yeah, you're right. So, what's it about?"
"...What? You're pretty cool about it."

"Huh? Well, it's cold so I want to get this over with quickly.
Don't you feel the same?"
"! Of course! I plan to finish this business quickly too!"

Yeah, I thought so.
It's obvious, so she doesn't have to yell about it.

"Oh well.
Then, I'll ask you directly. What are you going to do after school?"
"After school? I don't have any plans. I'll help the student council if they need help. Otherwise, I'll just go to work."


"...What's with that utterly amazed expression? Tell me if you want to say something. I'll try to correct things."

"...Geez. I don't care what happens to you, but I guess I'll give you one warning. We're cooperating right now, and you're too inexperienced as a magus."
"That again? I've heard that I'm an inexperienced magus too many times. I know, so don't tease me about it."

"I'm not teasing you. I'm just saying you're inexperienced because you don't seem to have noticed the boundary field around this school."
"?"
Boundary field around the school......?

"Hold on. A boundary field at school, could that be..."
"It is a boundary field set up by another Master.
It's arranged so widely that it will pretty much encircle the whole school.

"This boundary field is the type that steals blood and meat from the humans inside it. It's still in the preparation phase, but haven't you noticed everyone's kind of listless?"


Come to think of it... I felt a bit strange on Saturday, but was that it?
Then that must mean

"Sothere's a Master at this school...?"
"Right. There's certainly an enemy lurking here. Do you understand, Emiya-kun? If you're not prepared, you'll die."


My relaxed feelings go tense.
"...So. Do you know who this Master is, Tohsaka?"

"No, I've got some ideas, but I don't have any proof yet. ...Well, I knew there was another magus in this school, but a magus doesn't necessarily equal a Master.
There are cases when an amateur like you becomes a Master, so I can't be sure."

"Hey. I'm not an amateur, I'm a proper magus. ...Hey, hold on Tohsaka. There's another magus at our school...!?"

"That's right. But I can't feel any sign that the magus is a Master. I went to check first, but they didn't have a Command Spell nor the presence of a Servant.
They might just be hiding it really well, but I'm pretty sure this person is not a Master."

"So I think the Master at this school is someone with an incomplete knowledge of magic like you.
Recently, I've felt a little magical energy other than ours in this place. That's a sign of the enemy Master's presence, but..."
But it's too small an amount to detect the source, huh?

"A Master that's not a magus, huh? If you say so, you must be confident of that.
I believe you, but really... are there that many magi at our school?"

"So many? Just this person and I.
A magus values their lineage, right? If two such lineages live in such a small area, they're bound to become intimate."

"Is that so? But I never knew about your family."

"Your household is special. I think your father was a lone wolf who alienated himself from the Association. He must have happened to like this city and decided to live in it, but this city is under our supervision.
If we found out, we'd take what we could, so I guess he was hiding because he didn't want that."

"WWhat do you mean, take what you could?"

"Hmm, are you curious? I'll come and collect it when you mature, so look forward to it."
"...Geez. You really were wearing a mask.
Just how are you an honor student, you imposter?"

"Oh, is that so wrong? It's the responsibility of a magus to decorate the outward appearance, is it not?
You see, I'm the successor of the Tohsaka family, so I have to be a perfect honor student or I won't be able to face my father in heaven."

"Huh? Father? Tohsaka, you mean..."
"Yes, he died when I was young. Well, he lived a long time, so I'm not sad or anything."


Tohsaka smiles, as if saying that's how a child with a magus father should be.
But that's...

"That's a lie. When people die, you're sad. All the more so if that person is a relative. It's not something you can gloss over by saying, he was a magus so it couldn't be helped."
"............Well, yeah.
You're completely right, so I can't argue."

Saying that, Tohsaka opens the can she's been using as a heat source.
...She takes small sips of the coffee.
From what I know of her, I thought she would gulp it down, but she's really feminine when it comes to things like this.

"Let's get back to the topic.
Anyways, there are only two magi in Fuyuki.
Other Masters must have come from elsewhere, or been a weirdo that got selected because they know a bit of magic."

I see.
According to Tohsaka, I'm weird too.

"I understand. But if it's a Master who barely knows magic, wouldn't it be impossible for him to create such a boundary field?"

"Maybe the Master didn't create it, but the Servant did.
Servants can't choose their Master. If a Servant ends up with a Master like you, they'll only be able to win if they do a lot of planning."

"...Yeah. As annoying as it is, I can't argue with that."

"Good, you're honest.
So, getting back to the boundary field... this boundary field is really advanced.
It's almost at the level of sorcery. If a magus can create such a boundary field, it should be impossible for them to hide their magical energy. So I believe this must be the actions of a Servant."

"...The actions of a Servant, huh? Then is the Master not that dangerous?"

"Of course not. Magus or not, he's a strange one who doesn't know the rules. He's the type that will come and kill you if he finds out you're a Master."

"Huh? Not know the rules? You mean, the rules of the Holy Grail War?"
"No. The rules of humanity. The moment they make their Servant create a boundary field like this, they've lost track of who they are.

"Look, Shirou. Once this boundary field is finished and activated, it will melt every human in it and absorb them.
It's like we're in the stomach of something alive.
...Well, it shouldn't have any effect on people like us who protect ourselves with magical energy, but those without magical energy will weaken and die without knowing why.

"It's not just a matter of dragging ordinary people into this mess.
Once this boundary field is activated, everyone in this school will die. Do you understand? A Master at this school is absurd enough to prepare something like this."


My vision blurs for a bit.
Trying to comprehend what Tohsaka is saying, I take a deep breath.

That's it.
Even though my understanding is incomplete, I imagine the worst possibility and engrave that image inside me, accepting the situation I am in.

"I get it.
So, Tohsaka. Can you destroy this boundary field?"

"I tried, but it was useless. I found all the sources of the boundary field, but I can't destroy it. All I can do is to weaken the source temporarily and delay the activation."

"Hm... so the boundary field won't be activated as long as you're here?"

"...That'd be nice, but that's only optimism. The boundary field is already set up and the magical energy for activation is gathering bit by bit. According to Archer, it should be ready in about eight days."

"When that happens, this school will fall into hell as soon as the Master or the Servant puts their mind to it."
"Then before that happens..."

"We have to defeat the Master lurking at this school.
But finding the Master will be difficult. The guy pretty much won as soon as he set up the boundary field. The boundary field will be activated even if he does nothing, so he won't appear until then. So if there is a chance..."

"...It'll only be when he emerges?"
"Exactly. So you should stay quiet for now. You will have to fight when the time comes, so it's just stupid for you to go out searching and have the enemy find you before that."

The first bell echoes through the cold rooftop.
Lunch break is over.

"That's it. I have to go somewhere, so go home by yourself. Try not to go anywhere on your way home."
Tohsaka leaves, saying "see ya".


There's no way I am feeling good.
There's no way I can have a calm mind, after finding out that the talk of Masters only attacking other Masters was pointless.

"A boundary field at school?"
Is he planning to drag innocent people into this?
That's not the work of a Master at all, but a mass-murderer.
I have to find him before the boundary field is activated, find him anddefeat him completely.

'Rejoice, Emiya Shirou. Your wish-'
"!"
I shake my head and deny the words I remember.
I can't wish for something like that.
A wish for a villain to defeat, that's not my wish

The end of school homeroom ends, and students start to disappear from the classroom.
I would normally go to the student council room, but since Tohsaka told me to go straight home, I should do so.
...That's right.
Things were busy this morning, so I should go and explain to Sakura now.

I arrive at the fourth floor, the first year hallway.
When I look into the classroom from the hallway, Sakura notices me right away.

"Um, is there something wrong, Senpai?"
She tilts her head in question as soon as she comes out.
I thought she would be depressed after what happened with Shinji, but she seems okay.

"No, nothing happened. I just want you to forgive me for that thing with Tohsaka. I couldn't talk to you about it this morning, so I want to apologize before I went home."
"...? Um, what thing with Tohsaka-Senpai should I forgive you for?"

"Well, her staying at my place for a while.
I should have consulted you beforehand, so I'm sorry for making the decision on my own.
But, there is a reason for her staying, and there aren't any bad intentions. Um, you might not forgive me, but I just wanted to say that."
I lower my head to apologize.

"D-Don't do that, Senpai! You have nothing to apologize for.

"...I was certainly surprised that Tohsaka-Senpai was staying over, but Fujimura-Sensei approved of it, so I don't think there's any problem.
That house is your house, so you can do as you wish with it, and it's not my place to say anything about it."

"Idiot, what are you saying, Sakura? That house is mine, Fuji-Nee's, and yours. It's not something I can just selfishly decide about."
"EhSenpai?"

"So it's only natural for me to apologize. You should be mad at me, not at Tohsaka. ...Um, since I'm the one who invited Tohsaka without asking my family.
About her staying over, I'll stop it if you don't want it. That doesn't make it forgivable, but I can't keep on doing something you don't like."

They're not words to smooth things over, but I say them from the bottom of my heart.
Cooperating with Tohsaka doesn't necessarily mean living with her.
There should be other ways to cooperate efficiently with her.

"Um, then I'll forgive you. I'll approve Tohsaka-Senpai's stay, and I'll forgive you for your selfishness.
Is that okay, Senpai?"
"Huh... is that all right, Sakura...?"

"Yes. I won't ask what kind of circumstances you're in. It's enough for me to have you say that."

Sakura is looking straight at me and smiling.
There's no dishonesty in her expression.
Sakura is approving Tohsaka's stay from the bottom of her heart.

"Thanks, Sakura. Um, I'm really glad."
"No, I'm the one that's really glad.
Uh, but Senpai... Just hypothetically, but what would you do if I said I didn't want it?"

"Hm? Well, I guess maybe I would have gone to her instead. I have to be with Tohsaka for a while."
"Huh... Senpai goes instead, um... to..."

"Yeah, instead of having Tohsaka over, I think I would have stayed at Tohsaka's place. That way, I wouldn't bother Fuji-Nee or Sakura."

It's too terrifying to think about staying over with a girl I admire... no, admired. But there're no other options.

"...But, thanks. If that happened, I think she would tease me even more."
Thank God.
I'm so happy Sakura forgave me... huh?

"Sakura? What's wrong? You look pale."
I call out to her, wondering if she's all right.
Sakura seems to be deep in thought,"T-Thank God I didn't say that"
And she lets out a sigh that I don't quite understand.

So, it's after school.
While the bell is ringing to send the students home, I pack my bag along with everyone else.
I should head straight back because Saber is waiting at home.

There are students scattered in the hallway.
There are different kinds of students: some going to their club activities,some staying behind to kill time,and one ten meters away, charging at me with an angry face.

"...?"
I think there's something strange mixed into that expression, so I turn and head to the stairs quickly.

"Oh yeah.
I suddenly remember, but I was told something this morning."
I was told something, but now, I'll go through with pretending that I forgot.
No, I won't be able to explain if I do that, so let's say I didn't hear it or something...

"Hold on there. You're quite brave, running away after seeing someone's face."

"Ugh."
I'm caught, as I expected.
Well, even if I do go home, there's nowhere to run. It seems there'll be less damage if I'm caught here, so I stop.

"......"
I turn around slowly.
...Yeah, she's really pissed.
She's so angry, you'd never think she's the school's number one honor student.

"Hey. What a coincidence, Tohsaka. If you're going home, do you want to go home together?
We're heading the sa"

"Not 'let's go home', you idiot...! Do you understand the situation you're in!? I was going to warn you, so why didn't you come to the rooftop!?"

"Ugh."
This threatening attitude.
It seems she won't listen to any excuses, but I bet she won't calm down unless I make some excuse.

"...Sorry. I was with Sakura during lunch, so I couldn't go to the rooftop."
She doesn't seem too calm, so I tell her honestly.

...And then.
Tohsaka looks at me in blank amazement, as if she's seen a ghost.

"With Sakura... you mean, talking about me staying at your place?"
"Yeah. It was unclear this morning, so I had her approve of your stay."

"............[r]
...I see. Well, I guess it can't be helped in that case."

"...?"
Tohsaka quickly gets rid of her anger, and for some reason,[r]
"All right, I'll forget about what happened during lunch. I'm sorry Sakura caused you trouble."
And she apologizes with a gentle expression.

"Uhno, there's no need for you to apologize, but...
W-What was it you called me to the rooftop for? It was something important, right?"

"Y-Yeah. I called for you because I had something to tell you as a Master. I wanted to warn you to be careful, since there's a boundary field set up at the school"

"Huh...? H-Hold on. Boundary field... you mean, at this school...!?"

"Yeah, it seems you haven't noticed, but there's a troublesome one set here.
The sign is constructed with a wide range, so once it is activated, it will pretty much encircle the whole school.
This boundary field is the type that steals blood and meat from the humans inside it. It's still in the preparation phase, but haven't you noticed everyone's kind of listless?"

"Ah"
Come to think of it... I felt a bit strange on Saturday, but was that it?
Then that must mean

"Sothere's a Master at this school...?"
"Right. There's certainly an enemy lurking here. Do you understand, Emiya-kun? I don't think he'll attack us at school, but I wanted to tell you to be on alert, so you'd be ready even if you're attacked."


My relaxed feelings go tense.
...No wonder Tohsaka got so angry.
I didn't even know about it and spent the day peacefully.

"...Sorry. I was at fault at lunch, Tohsaka."

"Well. Saber entrusted you to me, so if it had been a stupid reason, I would have cast geas on you.
But I'll let it pass this time. Nothing happened today, even if it's just how things turned out."

All's well that ends well, huh?
I feel a bit better if she says so.

"...So. Do you know who the Master that set this boundary field is, Tohsaka? ...Is it someone from this school?"

"No, I don't know that yet.
...I don't feel any magus-like presence here other than me, so it might be an outsider, but there are cases when an amateur like you becomes a Master, right?
So I can't be sure. ...Well, it's most likely that it's the doing of someone from this school.
It needs to be someone that wouldn't look suspicious here, since they had to set up a boundary field at the school."


...Someone who wouldn't be seen as suspicious even on school grounds.
Student or teacher, either way, a Master other than ourselves is lurking here.

"That's not the only problem.
Shirou. Once this boundary field is finished and activated, it will melt every human in it and absorb them. It's like we're in the stomach of something alive.

"...Well, it shouldn't have any effect on people like us who protect ourselves with magical energy, but those without magical energy will weaken and die without knowing why.
It's not just a matter of dragging ordinary people into this mess.
Once this boundary field is activated, everyone in this school will die.
Do you understand? A Master at this school is absurd enough to prepare something like this."


My vision blurs for a bit.
Trying to comprehend what Tohsaka is saying, I take a deep breath.

That's it.
Even though my understanding is incomplete, I imagine the worst possibility and engrave that image inside me, accepting the situation I am in.

"I get it.
So, Tohsaka. Can you destroy that boundary field?"

"I tried, but it was useless.
I found all the sources for the boundary field, but I can't destroy it. All I can do is to weaken the source temporarily and delay the activation."

"Delay the activation...? So the boundary field will not be activated as long as you're here?"

"...That'd be nice, but that's only optimism.
The boundary field is already set up and the magical energy for activation is gathering bit by bit. According to Archer, it should be ready in about eight days.
When that happens, this school will fall into hell as soon as the Master or the Servant puts their mind to it."

"Then before that happens..."

"We have to defeat the Master lurking at this school.
But finding the Master will be difficult. The guy pretty much won as soon as he set up the boundary field. The boundary field will be activated even if he does nothing, so he won't appear until then. So if there is a chance..."

"...It'll only be when he emerges?"
"Exactly. So you should stay quiet for now. You will have to fight when the time comes, so it's just stupid for you to go out searching and have the enemy find you before that."

...I get it.
I can't forgive a guy who would set up such a field, but it might have the opposite effect if I just go randomly searching now, since I don't know the Master's identity.

"That's all. I've done everything I can to deal with the boundary field today, so the rest comes tomorrow.
There's nothing left to do in the building now, so you go home ahead."
"...? I'm fine with that, but what are you going to do?"

"Don't worry about me. You're making Saber wait, so she'll get mad if you don't hurry."
"Geez..."

That's right.
Saber was against me going to school, so I had her approve of my independent action on the condition that I go home before the sun goes down.

"Then I'll see you later. Go straight home."
Maybe she has something to do at the gym, as Tohsaka heads to the back of the school.
I see her off for a while, and leave the school building after that.
The gate is still locked.
"...Oh yeah, it's been a while since I came home this early."
I usually help someone out or go to work, so it's rare for me to come straight home.

Usually, the gate would be open and Sakura would be preparing dinner inside when I got home.
Maybe I've grown so accustomed to it after a year that I've forgot how important it was.
I realize how grateful I am for Sakura, just by the simple action of opening a locked gate.

"I'm home."
I call out and step into the hallway.
As I try to enter the living room, the blond-haired girl appears.

"You are back, Master."
The girl looks straight at me.


For a moment.
All sense of reality crumbles on me.

"Shirou? Did you not just return home?"
Perhaps the surprise transferred to the girl, as she says this with a bit of surprise.
She calls my name in a quiet voice.
That finally returns my sense of reality.

"Oh... i-it's Saber, right? Sorry, it was so sudden, I was surprised."
Just for an instant, I mistook her for a normal girl.

"...? I was on standby here as Master ordered, but was I wrong?"
"Uh... no, I was misunderstanding, so don't worry about it.
A-Anyway, how are you feeling? You said you'd be sleeping frequently, so, um..."

"There is no problem with staying awake.
No, it is better to sleep except at times of battle, but that would cause my senses to dull.
I should move around periodically, or my body will be slow when I will need it the most."

"...I see. You're right now that you mention it. Humans get headaches from sleeping too much, and it's not like you're sleeping because you're sleepy."

"Yes. There is no fatigue to require sleep.
But Shirou, do you get a headache when you sleep too much?"

"Of course. Usually, you'll get sick if you sleep for half a day. In my case, I'll wake up from the headache, so I won't be able to sleep for half a day."

"...That is a strange story. It does not happen to me. I can sleep as much as I want, now and in the past."

"Hm. I think that's wrong for a living thing, Saber. It's a waste to sleep all day. It's more fun to wake up and play when you're not sleepy."

"...You are right. Less time is wasted that way."
"Right? You're like that now because of me, but go back to your normal cycle when your bond with me ends.
It's not for me to say, but if this becomes a habit and you sleep all day, people might think of you as lazy."

"It may be too late. People might have thought so of me already."

She creases her brow and ponders.
...It was just light-hearted, but it seems like Saber doesn't get normal jokes.

We move into the living room.
It seems Saber wants to know what happened today, so I decide to tell her about the boundary field at school that Tohsaka told me about.

"...I see. That Master must be planning to use the people gathered at the school as a sacrifice."
"Frankly, yes. Tohsaka said it should take more time, though."

"I feel the same way. It will take time to construct such a large-scale boundary field. The school is a building that can be easily locked up, so it must be an altar chosen as a temple.
To completely activate a boundary field of that scale, at least ten days are needed."

"Ten days... I felt something strange two days ago on Saturday, so that means we still have about eight more days. That's the same as Tohsaka's estimate..."

"Yes. It does not matter if that boundary field is to gather sacrifices or to solidify the defenses, as it will be a problem if we allow it to be completed. I hope we will be able to find the Master that created this boundary field before that..."

"Yeah. Tohsaka said it would be difficult, but he should be easy to identify since the Master will be lurking at school. Let's find him somehow and stop the boundary field."

The instant they think of setting up a boundary field at school, they must be someone associated with the school.
A student or a teacher.
I'll try to search the school as thoroughly as possible during lunch from tomorrow on and try to find anyone suspicious.

"And... yeah, the problem of which Servant that Master has."
No, that'll only be clear when I actually encounter it.

Then, I should think about a Servant I have already encountered.
Saber is awake right now, so this would be a good time to ask.
All right then

1) About Lancer.
2) About Archer.
3) About Berserker.
That guy
I'll ask about the first Servant I encountered, Lancer.
Saber fought with him, and it seems like she realized who he was.

"Hey Saber. About Lancer... do you know who he is?"
"Huh? Lancer?"

"Yeah. You were saying something when you chased him out. About Ireland or something.
So I thought you might have discovered his identity."

"Oh, I see your point now. ...I'm surprised, I did not think you would be interested in knowing your enemy's true identity."
"I heard you have to know about them. ...But why do you look so happy about it, Saber?"

"Because you are showing the will to fight. We can come up with strategies against a Servant whose true identity we know. It is an appropriate battle tactic to first bring down the ones whose weaknesses are known."

"...Hm."
I have no intention of going out to fight someone who isn't attacking me, but it'd only end the conversation if I said that now.

"Anyways, Lancer's true identity. So I guess you know, Saber?"

"Yes. That red lance and those runic protections around his body, and on top of that, his abilities specialized in survival. There can be no mistake.
His true name is Cu Chulainn. He is the great hero of Ireland, wielder of the devil lance Gae Bolg."

"...Cu Chulainn...?"
It's a name I've never heard before.
...Well, I don't know much about Irish mythology, so I guess that's only natural.

"...So. Is he strong, this Cu Chulainn guy?"
"He is not famous in this country, so his existence is diminished, but he still has more than enough power.
His agility is second to none, and I believe his Noble Phantasm is the most suitable for this war."

"Noble Phantasm...? Oh, that lance. Come to think of it, his lance moved strangely at the end. Is that the Gae Bolg thing?"

"...Probably. There are many variations on Gae Bolg's legend.
They say it is a cursed lance thrown using the legs, a devil lance that grows a thousand thorns once it stabs its enemy..."
"...? Aren't those just completely different legends? Can you really call it a legendary weapon?"

"There is more. Many abilities of Gae Bolg are handed down in the legends, but in every one is the fact that it will always pierce the heart.
...I had thought it was the ability of the possessor rather than the power of the weapon, but it seems I was wrong.
The nature of the devil lance, Lancer's Gae Bolg, is to always pierce the heart."

"Oh"
That said, I can recall vividly.
That night...
The lance thrust at Saber's feet moved in an impossible fashion and went toward her heart.

"So, his lance is"
"Yes. It is a devil lance, guaranteed to strike the opponent's heart when used.
It must be bending space or changing the order of cause and effect.
Either way, it must be Lancer's skill and the curse of the lance itself. There is no weapon more efficient in hand-to-hand combat. It has no unnecessary aspects."

"No unnecessary aspects...? What do you mean by that?"

"Do you not understand? Lancer's lance cannot destroy a castle, but it is enough to kill one person.
Noble Phantasms require different amounts of magical energy depending on their scale.
A servant with a rank A Noble Phantasm will need great amount of magical energy to use it. Once it is used, time is needed to replenish the magical energy that is lost."

"But to kill one personno, one Servant, you do not need great power. If you can kill your opponent with one blow, there is no better result."
"...? So you mean, there's less cost for one arrow than for one cannonball?"

"Yes. But arrows would not hit a Servant. As a result, battling Servants end up firing cannons at each other, but"
"...Lancer's Gae Bolg is a lance that allows this arrow to hit, huh? Not only that, but it hits the heart where it will definitely take the opponent's life."

"That is correct. And on top of that, not much magical energy is needed to use it. With that amount of magical energy usage, there should be no need to replenish magical energy even if he uses it seven times.
That is why his devil lance is well-suited for this war.
A normal Servant must rest after fighting a few times, but Lancer is able to fight six battles in a row. ...Well, that is on the condition that each must be one on one."

"...Hm."
So he's a Servant who's not flashy, but can definitely win, huh?

"He seemed to be doing a lot of useless stuff, though. He was playing around with me as well."
"Right. It seems Lancer is an inconsistent person. He was heartless, but he also had a side that was difficult to hate."

I feel the same way, but we can't let our guard down.
He stabbed me through heart as if he was cutting grass.
Servants like Berserker and Lancer have no hesitation when it comes to using their weapons.
That guy
I'll ask about Tohsaka's Servant, Archer.
Saber beat him with one blow, but that was a surprise attack, and his strength is unknown.

"Hey Saber. About Archer... have you noticed anything about him?"

"Archer?
...No, I know no more than you do.
It seems I am superior in simple battle, but I have not experienced his abilities nor his Noble Phantasm.
He is not one to look lightly upon just because we have defeated him once."

"...I see. Well, it really was only an instant.
And, well..."
...Back then.
When Saber attacked him, there was something strange about that moment.

I guess you could say it was a surprise attack that wasn't.
I think that red knight sensed Saber's presence beforehand.
But he froze when he saw Saber and couldn't react to Saber's attack.

"...Hey, Saber. Do you think he knows you? I feel that he took your blow that time because he was surprised by you yourself, and not by the attack."

"I see. That is understandable.
As he is an archer, it is only natural for him to be inferior to me in hand-to-hand combat.
But still, he was too weak at that time.
I was guessing that he was not able to use his power due to some external factor"

"Right? And I've seen him fight Lancer. Archer didn't go on the offensive, but his defense was out of this world. For him to take your first blow, I can only assume there was something wrong with him."

"...Does that mean he went easy on me?"
She must be angry at him for going easy on her, rather than at being able to beat him easily, as she glares at an enemy who isn't here.

"Fine. After our collaboration with Rin is over, I will make him regret insulting me."
"...! Uh, well, I don't think he went easy on you on purpose, so I don't think there's any reason to hold a grudge..."
I find myself defending Archer.

"...? Are you saying you can forgive Archer's act? No, it rather seems like you are protecting him. ...I think it is unlikely, but would you have preferred Archer as your Servant...?"

"N-No way...! Frankly, I dislike him. I've never talked to him, but I could instinctively tell when I saw him from a distance that I wouldn't get along with him."

"That is good. It was needless worry. I am relieved, Shirou."
"...Geez. I'm the one that's surprised. But why are you relieved by such a thing? Is it that good for me to dislike Archer?"

"...You are right. It is certainly strange.
Oh, it is probably because of our compatibility. I am a Servant that specializes in hand-to-hand combat, and Archer specializes in ranged combat.
If you were compatible with Archer, that would mean you were not compatible with me. If that was the case, we could not fully utilize our powers."

Saber nods, concluding that it must be why she is relieved.
"...I see. I guess that's how it works..."
Anyways, there's no information on Archer.
We still don't know which hero he is nor what kind of Noble Phantasm he has.
That giant
I should ask about the Servant Berserker, who overwhelmed Saber.
According to Saber and Tohsaka, he should be the strongest in battle

"Saber, what would happen if you fought Berserker again? ...Um, will you be unable to win as long as I'm your Master...?"
The greatest burden for Saber.
I ask her about the weakness that prevents her from using her powers at their full potential, just because she made a contract with an immature Master like me.

"That is incorrect, Shirou.
Even if you were a mature Master, it would make no difference to the fact that Berserker is a powerful opponent. You do not need to condemn your own inexperience for this fact."

"...Hm. That might be true, but it's a burden on you, right?
So, if you were the original Saber..."

"No. Even if I was at my full potential, it would be difficult to defeat Berserker. ...No, it may be impossible for any Servant to beat that giant.

"Shirou, do you remember the battle that night? Berserker repelled Rin's magic as if it was nothing. He does not have magic resistance like I do.
He just nullified the magic with his own physical strength."

"Hmm... I saw that, but is it something to be that surprised about?
That just means Berserker's body is tough, right?"

"No. Berserker did not endure Rin's magic, but he repelled it. The difference is substantial.
If one endures an attack, the armor will break if that spot is attacked repeatedly. But it is different if it is repelled. Rin's magic did not even reach Berserker to begin with."

"Didn't reach him...? You mean he nullifies magic like you do?"
"Yes. But like I said earlier, Berserker does not have the skill of magic resistance. If that is the case, I can only assume that his Noble Phantasm repelled the magic."

"...This is only a speculation, but Berserker's Noble Phantasm may be 'armor'. It is not a simple armor, and it could be close to a theoretical magical concept called a conceptual weapon.
PerhapsBerserker has an ability that nullifies all attacks that are below a certain level. That must be why my sword and Rin's magic were useless against him."

"If Berserker's true identity is the great hero of Greece, his abilities are mostly rank A. If we want to injure him, I believe we have to use an attack value that is at least of the same rank."

"...Attack value of the same rank...? So in other words..."
"...Yes. It is difficult to say, but I believe any attack that is below A rank will be nullified, whether normal attack or Noble Phantasm.
If we want to defeat that giant, we would need a normal attack power of at least an A rank, and a Noble Phantasm that exceeds even that."


I close my eyes and recall Saber's abilities.
Saber's strength... her normal attack power is B rank, and her Noble Phantasm is C rank.

...God.
If what Saber says is right, not only is it impossible to defeat Berserker, but we don't even have a way to hurt him...!

"H-Hold on...! Um, aren't strength and Noble Phantasms measured differently?
No matter how low the rank is, a Noble Phantasm is a powerful weapon, right? So if you measure it in terms of strength, shouldn't it be at least A rank?"

"Yes. Noble Phantasms are incomparable to normal attacks. A Noble Phantasm of a C rank, when converted to a normal ability, would have A or A+ rank.
...But the 'refusal' that protects Berserker goes beyond the rules of reality."

"That thing is a concept that can nullify even a Noble Phantasm that destroys the world, if it is below an A ranking.
Berserker... Hercules is a heroic spirit with divinity.
One can only affect a heroic spirit who has received the blood of gods with a divine mystery of the same level."

"Then, the next time we're attacked..."
...Will be our last?

"No. Whatever kind of a heroic spirit he is, a weakness must exist. At the very least, Berserker does not have an attack method on the anti-castle level. So we can avoid getting all of us killed in one blow, even if we are attacked.
When my wound heals, a matched one-on-one fight is possible. You could escape during that time, or I might be able to find a chance of victory if I have some form of backup."

"...So we need to stay away from them for now, huh? So, somehow we have to find Berserker's weakness by then...
So. Saber, what do you mean an attack method of an anti-castle level?"

"I am talking about the attack level of the Noble Phantasm.
Anti-personnel Noble Phantasms exhibit their true power in one-on-one combat.
Anti-army Noble Phantasms exhibit their power in group combat.
And the anti-castle Noble Phantasms decides everything in a single blow.
The Noble Phantasms largely fall into these three categories."

I see.
As the names suggest, anti-castle and anti-army, if we were attacked with such missile-like assaults, Tohsaka and I would be blown away in a single strike.
Fortunately, Berserker doesn't have an attack method that attacks such a wide range.

"...But the Master compensates that weakness.
Ilyasviel was a great mass of magical energy. If she is an excellent magus and concentrates on protecting Berserker... I will not be able to protect you."


...I see.
Berserker is not the only concern.
Master and Servant are one.
I am Saber's burden in that regard as well
"Then, about one of the others..."
"Hold on, Shirou. Someone has entered the gate of this place."

"Eh, you can sense such a thing...?
What, it's this time already!? Crap, Sakura's probably back!"
I quickly stand up.

I hear the sound of the doorbell from the entrance,"Excuse me."
I can hear Sakura's voice.

"Saber, I'm sorry, but..."
"I know. I will return to the room, so please do not be concerned about me."
Saber leaves for her room.

And in her place...
"I'm home. Well done, you came home early like I asked you to."
Tohsaka is holding a grocery bag and....
"Excuse me, Senpai. It's rare for you to be home this early."
Sakura comes in, smiling happily.

"All right, preparations are perfect. Then let's begin."
Tohsaka shouts and goes into the kitchen.
Sakura looks at her worriedly.
"Senpai...? Um, about dinner preparation..."

"Oh, it's Tohsaka's turn today, so you don't have to worry about it. You made breakfast today, so leave the dinner to us. We'll make dinner as long as Tohsaka is here."
"Oh... y-yes. If you say so, I will do that."
Sakura sits on a cushion obediently.
There is a flashy, fiery sound coming from the kitchen, but there's nothing dangerous-looking about Tohsaka's appearance from behind.

"...I guess it's okay to trust her..."
So there's no point in staying here.
There's Saber to think about, so I should go back to my room until dinner is prepared.

"I'm going to go rest in my room. If Fuji-Nee comes, tell her to prepare the bath herself once in a while."
"Ah, yes. Please take your time, Senpai. I will come and get you when dinner's ready."

"Yeah. ...Oh, don't forget to knock when you come to my room."
It's a little before six o'clock. From the way things are going, it looks like dinner will be at around seven o'clock.

When I get back to the room, Saber is asleep in the room next to mine.

"Man, I thought I could talk to her."
I click my tongue and sit on a cushion.
"...Hey, what am I saying? I don't even know what I'd talk to her about other than this Holy Grail War stuff."
Anyways, didn't I have trouble talking to Saber?

"Oh well. If she's asleep, it's fine."
I say that and just stare at the clock.
Yesterday's dinner was just me, Saber, and Tohsaka.
But today, it'll be five people, including Sakura and Fuji-Nee.

"...Oh, no... Saber can't come."
As long as Sakura and Fuji-Nee are there, I can't let Saber out of this room.
"I wonder if Saber ate breakfast."
Saber was nodding while eating dinner last night.
Judging from that, I guess it's not like she doesn't need food.

"...I didn't prepare lunch for her. Of course she'll be hungry."
Once Sakura and Fuji-Nee go home, I have to warm up dinner and serve it to her.
She'll need to eat alone, but that can't be helped

"......"
Hrm.
Imagining Saber eating by herself is really annoying me.

"Shirou, are you awake?"
Tohsaka knocks on the door and looks inside.

"Tohsaka? What's up?"
"Dinnertime. It's ready, so come along."
That time already, huh?
I get up and leave the room, glancing at the sleeping Saber.

"Oh, there you are. Hey, look at this stuff! Finally, with Tohsaka-san here, we have someone who can cook Chinese food!"
Fuji-Nee is looking excitedly at all the food prepared on the table.
Now that she mentions it, the food certainly is Chinese.

On the four big plates are crab with eggs, shredded beef with pepper, some stir-fry of an elegant looking meat I've never seen before with vegetables, and a plate full of steamed meat dumplings.

There are salads on the side plates, and various follow-ups are ready.
Put simply, it's the kind of gorgeous dinner Fuji-Nee loves.

"...I'm surprised. I was expecting you to make Western-style dishes."
"Oh, she was actually thinking of a Western-style dish, but when I told that her no one at our house cooks Chinese, she said she would."

"Why does she have to live her life poking at holes? ...? Hey Sakura, you came home with Tohsaka, so did you actually go shopping with her?"
"Yes. Tohsaka-Senpai was waiting for me when the archery club finished, so we went grocery shopping on our way back."

"...I see. Wow, you two are closer than I thought."
"Yes, we've talked often at school. I don't know why she likes me, but she has been nice to me ever since I entered the school."
Wow.
She really is a nice Senpai at school.

"Let's quit talking and eat. I'm hungry already."
Fuji-Nee sits down happily.
"Like she says. Why don't you two sit down too? Chinese food gets really bad when it gets cold."
Saying this coldly, Tohsaka sits down as well.


I sit down silently.
Everyone bows and eats the food.

"!"
Annoyingly, it's good.
I've never cooked Chinese because I thought "it all tastes the same", but this is so good it makes me realize it was just prejudice.

"Wow, this is great! It's been a while since I've had food that makes rice taste this good. Yeah, I'll give you top score on this one!"
"Thank you. I am pleased to receive an honest response like that."

"Yes. I have a better opinion of Chinese food now. I'm not good with hot food, but this is really good!"
Sakura is happily enjoying the food too.

After watching this with a smile,"Fufu."
Tohsaka Rin looks at me with an expression of triumph.

"What? You look like you want to say something."
"Noooothing. I'm just glad everyone's enjoying the food. Well, one isn't being honest, but that's fun in its own way, so I'll call it good. I understand what it feels like to lose at something you're good at."

"GuhI see, then you made me cook last night to gauge my potential!"
"Fufufufufu. Yes. Today's lesson is, always hide your potential."
She says this happily and starts eating her own food.
Dinner is more lively than I was expecting.
Sakura and Tohsaka are a good Senpai and junior, and Fuji-Nee is completely friends with Tohsaka now.


Well, I have no complaints about a fun meal.
No complaints, but I feel like there's something wrong with all of us eating right now.

"......"
I stand up.
"Huh? What, Shirou, going to the bathroom?"
"No, I forgot something. I'll bring her here, so wait."

When I leave the living room,Tohsaka is staring at me silently.

I just couldn't take it.
That's the only reason.
I don't like it when she's in the same house, but alone.

So, before considering the consequences, I grab her hand.

"S-Shirou!? What are you doing all of a sudden...!?"
"Just come with me. I'll introduce you to everyone."
"Are you insane!? Hold on, this is..."

"I'm taking you because I am sane. Here, let's go.
Whatever happens later can be dealt with."
"Hey, Shirou...!?"

I grab Saber's hand and take her to the living room.

"Sorry, Tohsaka. Can I add one more?"
Tohsaka doesn't object.
But Fuji-Nee and Sakura are looking at Saber with astonishment.

"It's a bit late, but let me introduce her.
Her name is Saber, and we're going to be taking care of her for a while. As you can tell, she's a foreigner and not used to living in Japan, so please help her with that."


There's no reaction from the two.
That's only natural, but I don't have enough composure to care about them right now.

"Here, sit here, Saber. It's better to eat with everyone."
"That is... certainly more efficient, but I..."
"Don't be reserved. After all, you're going to be living together with us from now on. Since we're living in the same house, it's natural to eat together."

"...Yes. If Shirou says so, I will obey."

"You can't d"
"YOU CAN'T DO THAAAAAAT!"
"...!!!!"
My ears!
My ears are ringing!

"What's wrong with you, Shirou!? You bring in not only Tohsaka-san, but a girl like this too? Since when did this place turn into a hotel!?"
"W-What? It'll be fine. It's as big as a hotel, so we can lend a room or two. If Tohsaka staying is fine, Saber should be fine too."

"No way! I approve of Tohsaka-san, but I don't know about this stranger! Who is she anyways!?"
"Whoshe's a distant relative of mine. She had some problems so she came here, counting on Father."

"I can't believe such a ridiculous story. Even if it were the case, why did she come to your house? There's no way Kiritsugu-san would have an acquaintance in another countr"
She can't really say that.
Because Father was a simpleton who went to foreign countries all the time, he would have more acquaintances overseas than in Japan.

"Well, I can't say that, but it's still strange. You, why did you come here?"
Fuji-Nee glares at Saber.

"Well, that's..."
"You be quiet, Shirou. Um, Saber-san? I'm asking you."

Saber is silent.
It's only natural. Saber doesn't have any reason to go along with my lies nor a dexterous enough mind, so she
"I do not know. I was only doing as Kiritsugu said."
Well, I guess she does.

"Hm. Kiritsugu-san entrusted Shirou to you?"
"Yes. He told me to defend Shirou from all enemies."
Quietly.
Saber says this with the greatest purity.

...Who could object to that?
Even if it's a lie, it's the ultimate truth for Saber herself.

"......"
Even Fuji-Nee can't object to those words.
But...

She stands up with a frown, glaring at Saber,"...All right. If you say so, I'll test your skill."
Fuji-Nee responds strangely.

So.
With a sound of wind, Fuji-Nee takes us outside.

"......"
She takes the shinai from the wall and glares at Saber.
...Well.
Just what is our Fuji-Nee thinking about?

"You. You said you'd protect Shirou, right? Then you must be confident in your skills."
"Are you telling me to take a sword?"

"Yes. I'll approve of you if you're stronger than me. But if you're weaker, I'm sending you back home."
"...I do not mind, but what is the purpose of this?"

"I'm the one that's gonna protect Shirou! I'm gonna be by his side until he grows up!"

It seems Saber doesn't understand what Fuji-Nee is trying to say.
Of course, no one else around here does either.

"Sooooo, I don't need anyone weaker than me!
If you're stronger than me, you'll be more dependable, right? If that's the case, I can entrust Shirou to you just for a bit."
Fuji-Nee plays with her shinai as if she's sulking.

"I understand. So I must earn your approval?"
"Right. But it's not going to be easy!"
Just as she says that, Fuji-Nee rushes at Saber and attacks her with the shinai...!

"Man, Fuji-Nee's being ridiculous!"
Not only was that a surprise attack, but she didn't even give Saber a shinai. Are you really a teacher, Tiger!?

"...?"
Saber must be surprised by Fuji-Nee's surprise attack as she just stands there distractedly.
Fuji-Nee's clever attack to the body strikes!

"Huh?"
Fuji-Nee tilts her head curiously.
...That's only natural.
It's strange even for those of us watching, so it must be as strange as the Hanging Gardens of Babylon for Fuji-Nee.


Saber is still standing.
The difference is, she is now holding the shinai Fuji-Nee was wielding until now.

"Uh... is this real?"
I don't know what's real, but it's certainly true.

Saber does not even take a stance.
Fuji-Nee doesn't move, standing before Saber.
Fuji-Nee is a kendo expert, said to be unmatched.
That experience must have made her realize that the person in front of her is on a completely different level.

"...If you want me to take a stance, I will. But you should be skilled enough to understand already."
"Uhh, hauuuu, hau..."
Fuji-Nee backs away unsteadily and drops to her knees.

"The contest is over. Do you approve of me?"
"Uh, guh..."
Fuji-Nee hangs her head and slumps her shoulders.
The very moment I think she'll calm down...

"UWAAAAAAAN!
"SOME STRANGER TOOK SHIROU AWAY...!"

She starts to cry so loudly that those around her get dizzy.

...In the end, it took two hours to persuade Fuji-Nee.
Fuji-Nee said "I want to talk a bit" and went into Father's room for two hours. When she came out, she nodded and said "I guess I have to approve of her", with an unhappy face.

On the other hand, Sakura is silent.
It was getting late, so Fuji-Nee ended up walking Sakura home, but Sakura said nothing and merely bowed and went home.

"Then I'll go back to the outbuilding."
...Oh.
Come to think of it, Tohsaka is like this too.

"...Sorry. I bet you think I did something stupid."
"Nope. But what you're doing is extra weight on your mind. If you keep doing such things, you'll end up being unable to move."

Saying good night with a wave, Tohsaka leaves.
"Sigh."
I'm tired.
I'll rest early too.

"Hold on, Shirou. I have something to ask you as well."
"Hm? What is it?"
"Why did you introduce me to everyone? I believe your actions were unnecessary as Rin said."
"No reason. I just introduced you because I didn't like it."

"Shirou, that is not an answer. You have to tell me what you didn't like."
Saber draws closer.
...Was what happened tonight that strange for Saber?

"I don't know. I was just eating and I just didn't like it when I thought about you being alone.
If anything, I just thought there'd be fewer secrets if I let Sakura and Fuji-Nee know about you."

"This is meaningless.
Rather, it is a disadvantage to let them know of my existence. I can hide myself in this house, so it would have been better if I was just standing by."


What's better?
Is she better off being an outcast while we're all eating?

"That's not true.
It couldn't be helped because even if it was good for you, Saber, it wasn't good for me. I don't think it's based on reason."
Saying so, I avert my gaze from Saber.

"I'm going out to the shed, so go back to the room first. I'll come back after I'm done."

There's no response.
Turning my back on Saber who doesn't seem to agree, I head out to the shed.

I go outside.
The quiet yard, lit by the pale moonlight.
The winter sky is high, and the stars are clear.

"Sigh."
I sigh without realizing.
Tohsaka is right.
I'm certainly contradicting myself.

The me that's trying to go to the shed, avoiding the room Saber's sleeping in.
On the other hand, the me that doesn't want to leave Saber alone.
Even though I find it hard to deal with Saber as a member of the opposite sex, I can't leave her alone as a human.
...It's only natural for Tohsaka to be disgusted with me.

"...Geez. I thought I was only inexperienced at magic, but my mental training is bad as well."

I murmur, looking up into the sky absent-mindedly.
The night wears on.
Since I'm inexperienced, I can't skip my training.
I can only refine myself, believing that I can reach something if I continue my effort.

It's lunchtime.
Even though it's only a temporary release from classes, the students run about the school busily.

"...All right. I won't look suspicious walking around now."
I finish lunch in a few minutes and go out into the hallway.
This is no time to complain that I've never done anything like this before.
The battle has already begun.
So I have to find the "suspicious places" Tohsaka was talking about in my own way.

"...I guess I should start with places where there aren't many people."
Well.
An hour until lunch break ends... I hope I can get good results out of this

After checking through the school building, I go outside just in case.
There's nothing wrong with the ground or behind the school building, but this area is too different.

"Could it be here too?"
...There were several strange places inside the school building as well.
Unpopular places like behind the stairs or within empty classrooms.
But this place is different.
Far from nobody coming here, this is a place people come every day.

"...Why didn't I notice?
Talking about strangeness, this place is the strangest"
I mutter, grasping my chest.
...This place is somehow suffocating.
The thick wind and moist air aren't just strange.
No, once I notice this smell, I actually feel like throwing up.

"Tohsaka was saying that there's a basis point for a boundary field.
I don't know how many there are, but this must mean the first basis point is around here..."
Then there should be some sign of it.

...
......
.........
...It's no good.
As I have no skill in detecting magical energy, there's no way I can see the sign that's constructing the boundary field.

"...Phew."
I guess it can't be helped. I'll go and tell Tohsaka about this place and
"What, are you looking for something, Emiya?"
"!"
I turn around at the sudden voice. Standing in front of the deserted archery dojo is

"Shinji."
"Hey. What a coincidence. I came because I had business in that area too... did you happen to see it?"
With a grin,Matou Shinji asks this happily.

"...See... what? There's nothing here."
"Oh, so you did see it. ...I see, so that's why you were with Tohsaka. That's right, it's more efficient to join up with other Masters."
"! Shinji, you..."

"Don't guard yourself too much Emiya. It's you and me, let's not hide anything from each other.
I don't know who you have. But you were forced into this ugly role of Master too, right?"

Shinji states it clearly without holding anything back.
That he, Matou Shinji, is also a Master.

"...Could it be? You're a Master, Shinji?"
"That's what I'm telling you.
Oh, but don't get it wrong. I don't intend to fight with anyone. Well, I'll certainly retaliate with deadly force if I'm attacked, but I won't do anything when nothing's done to me. See, I'm like you in that regard, right?"

Shinji laughs.
From his words, there seems to be no doubt that Shinji's a Master, but

"Well, I'm also surprised to find out that you're a Master. Let's call us equal in that regard. So, do you want to discuss something?"
"Discuss... I don't mind, but discuss what?"

"About what we do now.
Like I said earlier, I have no intention of fighting. But others aren't the same, right? So I feel uneasy unless I prepare for future misfortunes. It's troubling alone, but don't you think something would be possible with the two of us?"

...
So in other words, Shinji is asking me to cooperate with him?

"Well, let's not talk here. We don't know if someone might overhear us, so let's go somewhere else.
Hmm... yeah, my place would be good. Tohsaka won't be able to notice and it's safe even if we're attacked."

"What are you talking about? Lunch break is almost over, so if you have"
"Are you stupid? We can skip classes. Let's go, Emiya. I'm happy to know that you're a Master, so don't alienate me too much."

"I can't do that. People would be suspicious if we skipped classes."
"Damn, you're really stubborn... oh, I see!
You're right, people would normally stay safe!"

"But don't worry, I won't attack you no matter what. See, do I look like someone who would attack you from behind?"

"...? OhI see. You're right, I certainly can't just follow you."

".... Well, it's all right. You have a Servant with you too. I won't pick a fight against such a dangerous opponent."

...?
Does Shinji think I have Saber with me?
No, that's wrongShinji couldn't see a Servant in spirit form.
That's why he's wrongly guessing that I have Saber with me right now.

"Let's just go. It'll be no good if Tohsaka finds us."
Saying that, Shinji starts to walk away.

...I guess I have to follow him.
I'm interested in what Shinji has to say, so I'll skip the afternoon classes.

We go up the hill road.
The Western-style houses, on the opposite side to my house.
I guess Tohsaka's house is at the top, but I recall that Matou's house is on the back, as if avoiding public eyes.


It's an amazing building as always.
I came here to play a few times during middle school, but I haven't even been near it recently.
I haven't been invited since I became estranged from Shinji, and most of all, Sakura didn't like me coming to this house.

...Even though it's daytime, it's dim inside the house.
This building is made so that sunlight cannot enter it, and there aren't many lights in here.
I'm exaggerating, but you'd walk into the wall if you're not used to this place.

"Emiya, this way. I'm in the living room."
I don't know when he went in, but I can hear Shinji's voice from the inner room.
Even though it's been a year, my body still remembers this place and I make my way to the living room without getting lost.

There's no kind of light in the living room either.
The curtains are closed, and the sunlight is blocked off.
There are no artificial lights and the living room is in the dark.

"Emiya, over here."
I look over in the direction of the voice.
There is Shinji sitting in a chair, and
A figure of a woman like crystallized darkness.

"Let me introduce her. This is my Servant, Rider."

I feel a chill.
It's so bad that the back of my neck hurts like it's been slashed.

"...Weren't we going to talk with just the two of us, Shinji?"
I back up a bit and manage to say that.

"Oh no, it's just a precaution. I'd be scared if you just came and attacked me, so I have to have Rider by my side."
Stretching his hand out, Shinji touches his black ServantRider.
He caresses from her waist down to her thighs, as if tasting them.


Rider does not move at all.
She stands there like a statue, and keeps watch on me with her covered eyes.
...It can't just be an illusion that it feels like she sees even my fingertips shivering.

"You're like this even when you've invited someone? Aren't you being a little too wary, Shinji?"
"Come on, it was just a joke. I know you can't do anything like that.
But your Servant is a different story. Even I had trouble training mine. It's not unusual for a Servant not to obey its Master, so think of this as just keeping a small check on things."

...A Servant that doesn't obey its Master?
Certainly, Rider in front of me is different from Saber.
Saber is quiet, but not coldhearted.
But I can only feel coldness from Rider.

A human lacking humanity.
A black figure like discolored blood.
She doesn't seem like a Servant or a heroic spirit. She's so inorganic with no sense of lightness.

"...Rider's a way to keep a check on my Servant? I don't feel too good about that."
"Sorry. I'm just a novice, so I'm not experienced like you are. Forgive me for that."
"...Heh. It's not like I'm experienced either."

"Is that so? Then you should summon yours too. We would understand each other better that way, and it's more fair too.
Yeah, that'll be great! Hey Emiya, I showed you mine, so you show me yours."

...So Shinji is wrongly guessing that Saber is with me.
But there's no need to correct him on that.

"I refuse. If you're going to keep me in check, that's fine.
This should be enough if we're here just to talk."
"...What's with that? Hey, I'm saying I want to see it. I don't know what you're being a snob about, but shouldn't you listen to me?"

"Then our conversation's over. I didn't come here to show you my Servant. If that was your plan, I'm going home now."
"Damnall right. You're useless as always."
Shinji comments discontentedly and leans back in his chair.

"All right, let's get to it. Well, there's only one thing I want to talk about.
...Like I said before, do you want to collaborate with me, Emiya? I became a Master, but I don't know about this Holy Grail War thing. I want to cooperate with someone I know rather than staying on my own."

"Hold on. I want to ask you something too before that. I'll answer your question after that."
"What, you want to know why I became a Master?"
I nod.
As far as I know, Shinji isn't a magus.
I have to know how someone like that became a Master, or I can't cooperate at all.

"I heard Masters have to be magi as a basic prerequisite. Even though I'm inexperienced, I know a bit of magic. I summoned my Servant by accident and became a Master after forming a contract, but... did you summon your Servant by accident and get dragged into this Holy Grail War too?"

If that's the case, we're the same.
I won't easily be able to refuse his proposal of cooperation if that's the case

"I see. You became a Master by accident, huh?
 ...I see, I see. Good, that makes it more understandable."
Shinji smiles delightedly.

"Well, I guess it's similar in my case. The fact that I became a Master against my will is the same.
But don't get me wrong.
I knew what a Master was, and I've known about the Holy Grail War for a long time. The Matou family isn't like your family. We're a respected lineage of magi."

"!?"
The Matou is a lineage of magi...!?
"What, I never heard about that...!?
Hold on. Then, you and"
His sister Sakura knows magic too...!?

"Calm down, Emiya. The Matou family is a family of magi, but we're already dead.
I guess the ancestors of the Matou family came to this land with Tohsaka's family, but didn't adapt to the land here.
Down the generations, what's that thing, the Magic Circuit? That thing faded, and by the time I was born, the Matou blood had returned to that of an ordinary person's.
So members of the Matou family aren't magi. We're just a family that used to be magi."

"You guys were magi... then, only the knowledge remains?"
"Yeah, unfortunately. But even if we don't have Magic Circuits, that doesn't change the fact that we're studying magic. It was easy to find out about the Masters and the Holy Grail War with a bit of research. I'm able to relax even after suddenly being chosen as a Master, because of the teachings of the previous generations."


...I see.
I became a Master and understood the Holy Grail War because of Tohsaka.
Similarly, Shinji understood his situation because of the literature passed down his family.

"So in other words, you were taught just the knowledge of magic. ...Then, did Sakura learn magic as well?"

"Huh? Geez, you really don't know anything, do you?
Look, it probably doesn't matter to you since your family is a hybrid,[l]
but a magus of an old lineage only teaches his secret arts to one. If there are two children, you only make the eldest son the successor.

"You get less power if you separate something into two, right?
Magi place ten magics into one crystal and leave them behind to create a stronger blood. We don't make exceptions just because someone is from our family.

"So a family of magi doesn't teach magic to anyone other than their successors. It's common for the children who aren't chosen as the successor to be raised without knowing that their family studies magic, or they are to be given out for adoption.

"I seethank God, then."
I'm glad.
Sakura is a girl who should stay in a peaceful world without magic.
I can't let her get involved in a battle that forces you to kill others without reason.

"Well, now you know, Emiya.
Even though I became a Master, I'm not experienced with magic.
You're... let's see, you say you can use a bit, but your knowledge is that of an amateur.
See, don't you think we're a good combination? Let's cooperate since both of us became Masters against our will."

"...I don't mind that. But just to make sure, it's just to protect yourself, right Shinji?"
"No. There's that, but we have to attack the enemy right in front of us first. It seems she considers me her enemy."

"...Considers you an enemy...? You mean, Tohsaka?"

"Of course! She wouldn't be so unkind to me if that weren't the case...!
...Look, she's the type that won't forgive other Masters. You should know that by now if you've been with her.
I don't know what the reason is, but she lets her guard down when she's with you. I don't know why, but that perfect girl has her guard down!
Don't you see that it's a great opportunity to defeat her?"

Saying that, Shinji puts out his hand as if asking for a handshake.

...I won't cooperate with such an approach.
No, I can't.
If Shinji really wants to protect himself, he should talk to Tohsaka too and not just me.
And

"Shinji. Do you know that there's someone who supervises the Holy Grail War?"

"Yeah, that priest at the church, I hear. They say he's a survivor of the last war, but I didn't go see him because he seems annoying.
I'm not a magus, so it's a bother to be forced to follow the magi's rules."


That's contradictory.
If he wants to really stop fighting, he should go and see Kotomine first.

"Shinji. Do you know about the boundary field set up at our school?"
"I know. I can't tell, but Rider told me. What about it?"

"...Isn't it your doing? Tohsaka said it was the work of a Master at our school."

"No, it's not me. There's certainly another Master at that school, so it must be him."
"...? Tohsaka said there was only one other."

"You trust Tohsaka too much. Well, putting that aside, Tohsaka is wrong.
The presence she can feel is that Magic Circuit thing, right?
Then I'm not a Master she can perceive, because I don't have a Magic Circuit to begin with.
From the beginning, we're people that go under the radars of the normal Masters."

...I see.
The presence of a magus, the presence of the Command Spell... they are both things activated by magical energy.

Thenif someone without magical energy becomes a Master, the only way to identify them is to actually see them.
Tohsaka's method of searching for people with magical energy would not only overlook Shinji as a Master, but she wouldn't even notice him at all.
It's because Shinji does not have the presence of a Master that Tohsaka is searching for.

"...I see. Then there must be another Master that Tohsaka is sensing."
I should go home and warn Tohsaka about that.
Then there's no reason to stay here anymore.

"...! Hey Emiya, what about the cooperation thing?"

"I refuse. I won't participate in beating Tohsaka or anything like that.
First of all, she hasn't done anything.
Eventually... I will end up fighting her, but she can be trusted right now, and I want to trust her."

"...Heh, I think it'll be too late when something happens. But if you say so, fine. I'll wait and see."

Surprisingly, Shinji seems to have given up.
He doesn't try to stop me from going home, and he doesn't try to make Rider attack me.

...He's a really difficult person.
He acts like this, but he seems to try to be fair in his own way.

"...Hey Shinji. I might be persistent, but does Sakura know about you?"

"She doesn't, and I have no intention of telling her. I'm the successor of the Matou family. I'll let her be my sister and not know anything."

"That'll help. I want Sakura to stay like that."

"Huh.
I see. If you're worried about Sakura that much, I should thank you as her brother. ...All right then, I'll tell you something good, Emiya.
I don't know who it is, but one of the Masters is nesting at the temple."

"!? Temple... you mean Ryudou Temple!?"
"Yeah. As my Servant puts it, there's a witch up there. She is supposedly collecting souls on a large scale, so it'll be a problem if we don't do something about it fast."

"Wha"
If that's true, that is the fifth one.
And if that one is collecting souls on a large scale, there's a high probability that it is the cause of the story on this morning's news.

"That's all.
Well Rider, see him off. Emiya is on our side, so don't hurt him."
So ordered by Shinji, Rider approaches me.

"Uh... no, that's..."

"Don't be so reserved. You're my responsibility until you leave the house, so it'll be troublesome if you got hurt.
Oh Rider, you only have to see him to the front door. He has nothing to do with me once he exits, so treat him well until then."
Shinji retreats into the back room.

"......"
I look silently at Rider.

"......"
Rider, covered in black clothes, doesn't say anything.
But surprisinglylooking at her closely, I notice that she has clean features.

The long purple hair reaching to the ground only reminds me of the smell of blood, but at the same time, I understand it's really beautiful.
...She's wearing this outfit, so it's embarrassing to directly stare at her, but can it be that her outfit doesn't match her face?

To put it into a phrase, she's a shrine maiden covered in blood.
That contradictory appearance of one who is both holy and evil is this Servant called Rider.

"...But..."
Are all heroic spirits beautiful?
I think so while looking up at Rider's face out of curiosithey, Rider's tall for a girl.
Rider must be at least 170 centimeters tall.

"...Hmm"
This is no time to calmly observe Rider.
It's a problem to be alone with Rider, so I should get out of this place quickly.

Rider really follows me out to the entrance.
...I wonder.
She doesn't feel alive, but she might answer me if I talk to her.

1) Talk to Rider.
2) ...Keep away from dangerous things.
"Yay, I'll cooperate"
"Really?"
"Of course. Betraying Tohsaka and selling her out, betrayed by Sakura and getting sold out, the Baka-Nii-chans are now born!"

"...? I don't get your high tension, but does that mean I can trust you?"
"Yeah! But I'll betray you in the end!"
...So, the 20million-powers route with Shin-chan starts here.
Well, it would if we had the time.
"Eject!"
Optimus Prime will appear too!?
"...Rider. Was it true, what Shinji said earlier?"
I call out to her, not expecting a response.


There's no change in Rider. Her hair flutters in the wind.

"...Right. Sorry for asking a stupid question when we're enemies."
I raise my hand to thank her and exit.
Then.

"It was not a lie. It is true that a witch is up on the mountain."

"Huh... Rider?"
"Be careful if you are to challenge her. That witch knows men inside out."

Rider talks without interest.
I notice myself getting drawn in by her voice and quickly shake my head.

"Uh, um... thanks for the warning.
And please take care of Shinji. He's always like that, so please protect him."
I'm taken aback, but I manage a reply.
That must have sounded funny.

"...You must be a good person. I understand why Shinji is trying to have you on his side."
Rider smiles a bit and returns to the house after saying so.
Men of virtue should not approach danger.
No matter how beautiful she looks, Rider smells like blood.
...Well, it's true that I don't know anything about Rider, but that alone is enough to make me stay on guard around her.

...Well, and...
I'm not sure where I should be looking, so I don't have enough composure to talk to her.

"What is it?"
"...!"
I quickly look away.
"N-Nothing...! T-Thanks for seeing me off...!"
I start to run to get away.

I run down the hill.
The black Servant sees me off quietly.
I see the two off and return to the living room.
I said I had to talk to them after dinner, so Tohsaka and Saber are waiting in the living room with serious expressions.

"Thanks. So what is it that you want to talk about?"
"About the other Masters. There's something I want to tell you guys."
Saber raises her brows a bit.
...As a Servant, she must prefer battles where she uses her sword to these peaceful days.

But her wounds shouldn't have healed yet.
The wound on her chest made by Lancer's "Noble Phantasm" isn't something even Saber can heal quickly.


Thinking about that makes me hesitate telling them about Shinji.
I feel the same way as Shinji.
I want to avoid starting fights, andI think the girl in front of me swinging a sword is a disparate image.

"Shirou. You have something to tell us?"
"Uhyeah. Right, this is something I should tell you guys. ...To put it simply, I went and met with Rider's Master today."

"Wha... Rider's Master!? When did this happen!?"
"Ridiculous! Meeting with another Master by yourself, what were you thinking!?"
"Whoa, hold on, calm down...! It's all right. I'm not hurt, so don't get mad."

"Do not get mad!? No, I am not mad.
I am only stunned by your actions."
"...Me too. Well, it's no use arguing over what's done.
So, what's going on Shirou?"

Tohsaka and Saber glare at me with obvious anger in their eyes.
...Geez.
I thought they would say something about me being thoughtless, but I didn't think they would get this mad.

"...I met him this afternoon.
I only went because he wanted to talk to me, and it's not like we fought."
"I can tell by looking. So, what kind of a guy was Rider's Master?"

"What kind of guy... well, it's Shinji.
He called out to me when I was searching for the boundary field. He said he wanted to talk to me and asked me to follow him, so I went to Matou's house."

"WhaShinji? You mean, that Shinji!?"
"Yeah. Rider was obeying him, and he knew about the Holy Grail War. According to him, the Matou family is a lineage of magi with a history."

"Huhyeah, well, that's true, but... it can't be true. The Matou family was exhausted in the last generation. No matter what they do, their children won't have a Magic Circuit. That's for certain."

Tohsaka declares so.
If so, Shinji and Sakura really should be normal people without Magic Circuits.

"Yeah, Shinji said that too. But he said they still had the knowledge. Something about it being taught only to Shinji, the eldest son, so Sakura didn't know about it.
...In short, he's a Master rather like me. He said he doesn't have any magical energy, so he wouldn't be detected by your perceptions."

"...I see. I messed up. There certainly could be such cases... If they have grimoires remaining, he would be able to become a Master. Then geez, my actions were totally obvious to him! I'm an idiot."

Tohsaka is mumbling, reflecting on her actions.
...Hm. Tohsaka is close to perfect, but I think there are a few things missing.
Unfortunately, they're the most crucial ones.

"That was a mistake on my part. I should have kept an eye on Shinji. If I'd known, I wouldn't have let him construct that boundary field."
"Oh, Shinji said the boundary field at school wasn't his. He said there's another Master at school."

"Yes, that's true. It's obvious that there's another Master at school who we don't know about.
But Shirou... don't tell me you're just trusting Shinji's word that he's not the one who constructed the boundary field?"

"...No, I'm not that good-natured. As long as Shinji goes to our school, I think there's an even chance it's his doing. The alternative being the unknown Master."

"Even, huh? ...I think you're still being very good-natured.
Well, that's fine. That good nature is just the way you are, and that must be why Shinji told you his true identity."
"...?"

"Oh well. So what did you talk with Shinji about?"
"He asked me if I wanted to cooperate with him. It seems Shinji has no intention of fighting, so he seemed to want to ally with someone he knew."

"EhShirou, then you..."
"No, isn't it natural to refuse? I've already joined up with you.
Even if I were to agree, I'd have to ask you first."

"Oh... yeah. That... is true. But didn't you say you refused?"
"Yeah. Like I said, I answered Shinji on my own. It wasn't something to debate. ...Oh, was I too hasty?"

"...Not particularly. I think your decision was correct. Well, if you were the one asked, it's not something I can complain about."
The way she mumbles so isn't like Tohsaka at all.

"That was it from Shinji.
From what I saw, Rider isn't a strong Servant. Even putting Berserker outside of the picture, I don't think she had the same presence as Lancer. And Rider herself was more normal than I expected."

"...If you think so, it must be true. But a Servant's true power is determined by their Noble Phantasm. Please do not underestimate her until we find out Rider's true identity."

"...Yeah. I couldn't tell at all which heroine she was. See, Lancer and Berserker feel like heroes, right? But Rider didn't have that feeling. I felt like she was different from a normal Servant."

"Different from a normal Servant?
I do not understand. Rin, can you explain Shirou's strange feeling?"

"Huh...? Uh... yeah, I think I understand.
Well, it's because the Master influences which heroic spirit is summoned as the Servant. The Master and Servant end up being similar people.

"So if the Master is a noble person, a heroic spirit similar to them will be summoned. And if a person with a huge scar in their mind summons a heroic spirit, a heroic spirit with a scar in their mind appears as well.
The strange feeling Shirou had towards Rider must be that.
A Master with a crooked mind sometimes summons vengeful ghosts almost like heroic spirits instead of a hero."

"Vengeful ghost almost like heroic spirits... could that be what you were talking about before"
"Yes. A mass murderer that loves the sight of blood and thinks nothing of killing people.
Actually, there are heroes with only massacres to their legend, so it's not strange for something like that to become a Servant."


Is that so?
Certainly, I could only smell blood on Rider, but she didn't seem like a blood-thirsty killer....

"...Well, that's all there is to say about Rider.
There's one more thing, but it might be the most important.
According to Rider, there seems to be another Master at the Ryudou Temple. I guess this Master is collecting magical energy from everyone in this town. What do you two make of this?"

"Ryudou Temple...? You mean that temple at the top of the mountain?"
"Yeah. What, does it mean something to you, Tohsaka?"

"Of course not. It's just the opposite. I've never been to the Ryudou Temple.
I don't know what kind of a Master this person is, but normally, you wouldn't choose to position yourself in such a remote place."

"Right. I was also surprised when I heard that a Master's at the Ryudou Temple.
Even though it won't draw people's attention, there are many monks living there. If they act strangely, I think there'd be an quick uproar."

"Hmmm... I can't quite trust that story.
Even if it was the case, the Ryudou Temple is on the outskirts of the suburbs, right?
To reach out to Miyama City and Shinto is more like a waste of magical energy than a great magic. Such large scale magic is impossible even with the magical energy collected from it."

Then, Tohsaka starts to think with a troubled face.
I'm relying on Tohsaka's opinion, so there's nothing I can do until she talks again.

"No, that story is very plausible.
If one takes that temple, such magic would be naturally possible."
"...? Saber by 'that temple'you know of Ryudou Temple? I haven't taken you there yet."

"Did you forget, Shirou? I have participated in the Holy Grail War previously as well. I am well-informed about the city, and I know that the temple is a fallen ley line."

"Fallen ley line!? Hold on, that's what my house is! Why are there two foci of ley lines in one area!?"

"I do not know, but that temple is a place magi can call sacred.
I hear it is where the life of the region flows to, so it would be a perfect base to collect souls from. A magus need only to intervene in the natural flow to collect life forces from the whole city."

"...I've never heard of that.
But if that's the case, then it would certainly be possible for someone to steal life forces from all the people in the city..."

"In other words, it's just an area that's spiritually superior, right? That's only natural. You don't build a temple anywhere else."

"Ugho-of course. You don't need to tell me that."
"I thought so. Temples and shrines have been built in sacred places to protect the town since ancient times. It's not that the monks pray to grant happiness. They remove evil by sealing the ill-omened. On that basis, it's only natural that the mountain Ryudou Temple is on would be a sacred place."

"!"
"HeyI don't want to consider this, but did you think that Ryudou Temple was just for show?"
"Yeah, I did, is there something wrong with that!? Until now, I thought that temple was just for show because it didn't have any practicing healers!"
"Practicing healers...? What is that?"

"People who let ghosts go to heaven without using chants, faith, or prayers.
Enlightened people try to do so with just Buddhist powers, but monks without enough training haven't reached that level yet, so they add their own power to create spells like ours.
There's some kind of organization of those kinds of people in this country. But they're incompatible with the Magic Association, so I don't know too much about them.

"No, more importantly, the temple.
If that temple is a ley line, Masters should try to take it immediately. That's strange... why are others ignoring that place?"

"Because the Ryudou Temple is there, right? They keep watch so it doesn't get misused."
"The monks at the Ryudou Temple are all pure monks in training.
They aren't like us, so it'd be easy for a Master to control them."

"No, Rin, that is wrong. It would certainly be easy for a Master to gain control of that temple. But that mountain has a boundary field that is inconvenient for Masters."

"...? A boundary field that's inconvenient for us?"
"Yes. There is a spell on that mountain that tries to eliminate anything other than natural spirits. It has no effect on normal humans, but it is a dreadful place for us Servants."

"Eliminates anything other than natural spiritsthen that means Servants can't enter the mountain!"

"It is possible, but our abilities would degrade.
It is much like receiving a Command Spell telling us not to go near that place."
"Then how is the Master at the Ryudou Temple maintaining its Servant?"

"There is no boundary field once you enter the temple.
I hear that the boundary field was originally a border to protect the temple. The boundary field is only something that rejects people from outside, so it has no other powers."

"...Then if we make it inside, there's nothing that affects the Servant?
"...But that's strange. If you close the temple off like that, the ley line itself would stop. You would have to at least keep one way open or it couldn't be the center of the ley line, right?"

"Yes. If you think in terms of the temple, it cannot refuse those visiting through the proper entrance. It may be following on this idea, but I heard that the road leading to the temple does not have the boundary field.
At that temple, only the main gate does not have the power to command us Servants."

"...I see. That must be it. If you close off all the gates, the air inside will stagnate. Hmm, only the main gate, huh...?"

"That is all that I can tell you.
So, please come up with a plan. We have proven that there is a Master, so I believe there is only one action to take."


I know what Saber wants to say.
Her eyes tell me that since the location of the enemy is known, all that's left is to attack.
But

"I'm going to pass on this.
It seems like a trap, and honestly, I can't take any action with this little information. If you're going to go to their homeground, you should at least wait until you find out what kind of Servant they have."

"...That is unexpected. I thought that you would go and fight."
"Go ahead and insult me. Archer isn't fully healed yet, so I'll remain a spectator for a while."

"I understand. Then Shirou, let us go to the temple by ourselves."

Saber says this as if it is the natural thing to do.
But that's...

1) Fight.
2) Don't fight.
I'll attack.
If there is a Master at the Ryudou Temple and they are sucking magical energy out of people, then I should stop it as quickly as possible.

"I agree with Saber. I don't want to be the attacker, but it depends on the enemy.
We should go to Ryudou Temple right away, to see what kind of a Master this person is."

"Then let us go, Shirou. I am glad you are being proactive."
"...I see. If that's your decision, there's nothing for me to say. Just be careful."

"Tohsaka?"
"I'm going to rest. I'm not interested in a fight we've no chance of winning. If you don't come back tomorrow, I'll go and collect your remains since we're cooperating."

"What's with her? Saying such ominous things."
"That must be Rin's way of warning us.
There will be defenses against outside enemies at Ryudou Temple. We will have to pass through enemy traps and beat the Master."
"...Mm. Well, that's true, but..."

It's true that I'm not enthusiastic about beating this Master.
I only want to know who the Master at Ryudou Temple is and what their motives are.
Battle might be avoidable, and we'll retreat if things get dangerous.

...That's right. I won't let her look like that again.
If I judge that it's dangerous, we'll retreat immediately.
Even if Saber doesn't want to, I'll have to forcefully pull her back and bring her home

The clouds are moving fast.
There is a strong wind way up in the sky.

"Master, it is almost midnight."
"...Yeah. The town's fallen asleep. It's a good time to head out."

I nod, picking up my shinai bag.
Inside is a wooden sword I found in the shed.
It's not promising equipment for fighting against a Servant, but it should withstand at least one blow if strengthened successfully.

"Saber. We're just going to the Ryudou Temple to check things out.
It's enough if we can find out what kind of person the Master is and which class of Servant it has. There's no need to start a fight ourselves."

"...I understand. But if the enemy desires a battle and if I judge that you are in danger, that will not be the case.
As long as we are proceeding into enemy territory, I want you to be prepared for the death on either side."

The death on one side.
The scale of fate is divided between the Master at the Ryudou Temple and us, the intruders.
The scale is balanced now, but it might tilt towards one side or the other in a few hours

We go west from the intersection and run through the empty road.
Ryudou Temple is in the opposite direction from the developed Shinto, at the end of the winding mountain path.


A long set of stairs.
The road leading up to the remarkably tall mountain in Fuyuki City is engulfed in ominous darkness.

"...Saber.
Can you feel the presence of the Servant...?"
"Yes. I cannot perceive it precisely, but I can certainly feel a Servant's presence."
It may be the effect of the boundary field on the Ryudou Temple, but it seems Saber's perceptive abilities have deteriorated.

"This is not a good wind. This place was an ominous place last time, but it is worse now. ...Shirou, please do not leave my side even for a moment."
"......"
I answer with a nod and start up the stone steps.

The air is tense.
The forest submerged in the black of night is trembling with sounds.

With every step, a bad premonition settles into my back.

...The temple gates can be seen now.
Nothing has happened yet.
There's no sign of the enemy, and the temple gates are open as if inviting us in.

"Shirou, please stop."
"...! An enemy, Saber?"
"Yes. But it is not a Servant. The presence is too weak. It probably is a familiar for surveillance. We can ignore it, but"

There must be something wrong about it.
Saber makes a troubled expression and glares at the temple gates a few steps away.

"...Saber? Is something wrong...?"
"...I do not know. I cannot tell if this chill is because of the familiar or if it is the presence of the one protecting this temple gate.
There was some kind of a watcher at the gate, but it seems to be absent now.
...I do not want to admit it, but I consider that fact fortunate. It would be good not to confront the one protecting this gate."

"There was a watcher here, but it's not here now...?"
"Yes. They already know we are here.
There are two reasons the watcher would depart in spite of that. Which do you think it is, Shirou?"


...To hide from us, or to let us inside so we won't be able to get away.
...Either way, there will be no more progress unless we go in.

"...I definitely think it's a trap. Saber, can you tell what's going on inside from here?"
"No. I can only determine that there is some sign of a Servant in there."

"...I see. I guess we won't know anything until we go inside."
Saber nods.

"Let's go. No matter what they do to us, nothing will happen until we see their faces."
I approach the temple gate with Saber.

For a moment, the moon is covered by clouds.
My vision is engulfed in darkness.
"...Huh?"
In it, I thinkI see a beautiful snake within the trees.

"Hold on, Saber-"
I stop Saber who is trying to go through the temple gate.
"Shirou?"
Her golden hair turns around.
But that's-

"Enforced transference...!? Impossible! Transference magic in this ageI see, Caster...!"
Saber's figure is distorted.
What kind of magic is this?
Saber is distorted like a mirage and like that
"This is bad! Pull back, Saber...! Your body is fading away...!"
"No, Shirou...! It is you that is being transported...! Please take my hand quickly...!"
"...!?"
Transportation...!?
"Shirou, please give me your hand...! You will be pulled"
Saber charges forward to grab my hand.
At that moment....
"Kuh, uh!?"
...The figure of a Servant knocks her away from the side.
"You have let your guard down, Saber. Your powerful magic resistance was harmful.
If you weren't so powerful, you would have been able to protect him."
"What? A Servant...!"
Silver armor and black cloth collide.
Saber and Rider.
The two confront each other on top of the stone paving and...
"WhaSaber, Saber...!"
My existence is pulled out of the third dimension, goes through many dimensions, and is dropped back into my original dimension.
"AhUgu...!"
The blood in my body runs backwards.
For an instant, my organs go inside out and the sickness is as if I'm another living thing

"Oh. I tried to hook a dragon, but I only caught a small fish in my net."
"...!"
I turn to face the presence behind me.

"Guh...!"
There's no time to check who it is.
I swing my wooden sword, still in the bag, behind me.

"[aero]"
"Oh"
I'm blown away.
I'm struck on the right side of my chest, and I fall into the water.

"Huh?"
...The water surface is dyed red.
My bodythe right side of my chest is gone as if engulfed by a huge electrical fan.

"Stupid boy. To come to my temple with such rubbish magic resistance. It seems Saber too wasn't fortunate with her Master."


...The purple robe sneers.
I feel dizzyI have to stand up quickly and take Saber's hand, but I feel dizzy, and my body...

"Are you worried about Saber...? Don't worry, I'll take her. I need her Noble Phantasm to beat Berserker. You will die here, but she will continue her life as my slave."

"...Ah."
I can't find strength anywhere.
Blood.
There's no blood left in my body, and I can't keep my consciousness

"Goodbye, boy. With such weak abilities, you have no value even as a slavebut I shall use your Command Spells effectively."

The bent dagger cuts my left arm off.
...In the black water...
Only the movement of the clouds swallowing the moon is burned into my motionless eyeballs
"No, I feel the same way as Tohsaka. We shouldn't go there yet."

"What... are you saying you will not fight either...!?
No way. What was I resting my body for until now!?
Now we know where our enemy is, we have to attack!"

"I know that. But we have to wait, Saber.
If the Master at Ryudou Temple is that careful, there will certainly be a trap. It would be suicidal to go there without any plans.
As Tohsaka says, we should at least wait until Archer is healed."

"Such danger is normal. I have never expected to earn victory without getting hurt.
Even if the enemy traps pierce my body, I can fight as long as I do not give them my neck.
It is enough if we can beat the Master, no matter what injury I bear!"

"Whadon't say such stupid things. It's never okay to get hurt!
It's fine to go knowing the danger, but such a suicidal attack is stupid. ...As your Master, I can't let you do something so dangerous."

That's right. Going to the Ryudou Temple is certainly a suicide attack.
There will be some obstacle on the only road heading to the temple.
It's fine to accept that and go, but heading there without any plans is suicidal.
No matter how strong Saber is, she has me as a handicap.
If she pushes herself and fights, and if the result is

Just like what happened at that time, I can't approve of that.

"...What are you saying?
Look Master, Servants are meant to get hurt.
I will not allow my Master to avoid a fight in fear of that."

"It doesn't matter if you don't allow it. If you're going to push yourself, I'll stop you as many times as necessary.
...If you don't want that, heal yourself quickly. You're not fully healed yet, right?"

"It should not interfere with my fighting ability. There is no need to consider prolonging a battle due to my wound."
Saber's will to fight does not change.

"!"
Geez, why doesn't she understand even after I tell her this much...!?

"Okay, fine. But I can't agree that easily.
You lost to Berserker before! Are you going to push yourself and fight, and get both you and me defeated again!?
Don't kid me, I don't want to be killed that miserably ever again...!"


So.
I thought she would argue right back, but instead, she takes a breath and...
"...Bringing that up is unfair, Shirou."
She says as if apologizing.

"...I'm sorry if I'm being unfair.
But I won't be attacking anyone yet.
I can't just ignore the Master at Ryudou Temple either. But we're in no condition to fight. If we fight like this and lose, who'll stop the Master at Ryudou Temple?"

"Look, we'll be attacking only after your wound is healed and we're in perfect shape. If you have any complaints, go find yourself another Master."

"I understand. If Master says so..."
After answering in a quiet voice, Saber falls silent.

...The conversation is over.
Tohsaka has returned to her room and Saber returns to her room as well.

Staying alone in the living room, I really regret what I did.
No, it's too late already.
I could have put it another way, so why...
Why could I only convince her using words that make her look like that?
It is a quiet, windless night.
The time is past midnight.
There is nothing moving, and every living thing is asleep.
A settled darkness.
The town is like a dark sea that only has moonlight to illuminate it.

The clouds are moving.
There is no wind at ground level.
But way up in the sky, the air is roaring and letting the overlapping clouds flow.
"There is some wind."
Maybe she can hear the wind.
Looking up at the wind in the sky, she mutters quietly.

The one standing quietly in the yard glaring at the sky is a girl called Saber.
Her golden hair is beautiful even in the dark night, and her clear green eyes are watching the appearing and disappearing moon.

She casts a glance to the corner of the yard.

There is an old shed, and her master is sleeping inside it.
"It does not matter if you say you do not want to fight."
A clang.
The echo of steel melts into the night without reaching anyone's ears.
The moon disappears and appears.
In the instant the clouds in the sky float past, the girl's appearance has completely changed.

Heavy, hard silver armor.
Her figure covered in blue clothes is not something you can call a girl now.
Impregnable defenses made from magical energy overpowering others,and an invisible sword, hidden by magical energy beyond human levels.
That figure, said to be invincible on the battlefield, proves their existence to this day.

Even with the invisible sword, her majesty proves that she is an excellent swordsman.
That is why she is Saber.
The one said to have the greatest power of the seven Servants, the hero of the sword.
A knight among knights, true to decorum, and acting on its master's order.
Whatever the other heroic spirits may be, she is an ideal swordsman who will not disobey hey master.


But that ends today.
She is hereby disobeying her master's order.
Noshe is not disobeying her master.
She has considered how to make her Master win, and the result of her decision is this.

"He is too easy-going. He will just be killed by another Master like this."
But her Master this time will not be able to fix his personality.
So it will be her role to devote herself to being heartless.
If the Master is not going to fight, his sword will have to fight.

"The wound has not healed yet. I cannot hope for supply of magical energy from my Master."
But still, there will be no hindrance in battle.
Confirming her own abilities, she returns her gaze to the moon.
She has no more interest in the shed her master is sleeping in.
As she has taken arms, the only thing in her is the will to defeat her enemy.

The moon glooms.
Just as a large cloud covers the sky, Saber jumps over the wall of the house.

She runs through the darkness.
The silver knight runs through the sleeping town.

There is only one destination. The sacred mountain on the outskirts of town. The Ryudou Temple located on top of it.
Even Saber understands how hard it will be to single-handedly kill the Master at the temple.
As Shirou says, it is obvious she will suffer great injury. In the worst case, she will be the one killed.

But what kind of a Servant would she be if she couldn't do something like this?
The Servant is supported by their superior abilities and the pride that they have built up.
They have pride as heroes and confidence that they are the strongest, who have fought through many battles.
She is a heroic spirit passed down and honored from the ancient times, so defeat will not be acceptable no matter who the enemy is.
No, even imagining defeat is unforgivable.

Even though some childish parts remain, she is no exception.
Because she is crowned with the name Saber, she cannot ignore her pride.
Her pride will not allow her just to observe when faced with an enemy.

Therefore, she will not falter no matter what kind of trap is waiting, and all she can do is challenge by herself.
If they say there is no chance of victory, she will create one with her own sword.
The sword in her hand is a fine sword that has defeated many foes.
As she has the Invisible Air, there is nothing for her to fear.

She runs through the mountain pass and up the road to the temple.
What awaits her after the mountain pass are great stone stairs.

"...This is certainly..."
This is different from the Ryudou Temple she remembers.
The air is stagnant.
The wind is dead.
The ley line of the land is already contaminated.
This place is a land of death.
Once entered, one will not be able to exit alive.


But there's no hesitation.
Saber's speed does not drop one bit as she runs up the steps.

She runs through the scene.
The sound of her kicking the stone steps echoes in the air, and the mountain starts to squirm noisily.

They are long stairs.
The temple gate is far away even for Saber, who is running like an arrow.
To run such a long distance without being detected is impossible.
There will certainly be a surprise attack.
The gate should not be easily reached.
But no matter what scheme awaits, the only thing to do is defeat it and advance.

Nothing can stop her now.
Even if Berserker appears, she will break through it.
That is the product of her determination and confidence.
Saber feels so complete that she can break through any obstacles.

And at the top.
When she is about to reach the temple gates, that obstacle appears.

"!"
Saber stops.
Even she, determined to beat any enemy, is surprised by this 'enemy'.
A natural motion.
The gallant figure of the man that appears is far too lacking in enmity and unbelievably free of any openings.

"You"
Stopping, Saber readies her invisible sword.
The man with the moon at his back wards off Saber's killing intent as if it were just a light breeze.

"A samurai?"
She must be surprised by an opponent she has heard of, but never seen before.
Her second Holy Grail War.
Even for she who has seen many heroic spirits, this is a first for a Servant like this.


Sweat forms on Saber's brow.
Not because of fear, but because it is incomprehensible.

It's not as if there haven't been strange Servants like him before.
There should be no Servant more mysterious and suspicious than Archer from last time.
In comparison to that, the Servant in front of her has no fearful aspects nor a fearful weapon.

...That is why it is strange.
Nothing can be felt from the man.
There is no doubt that he is a Servant, but there is no sense of any magical energy nor a hero's Noble Phantasm.

So beating him should be easy.
It is true that this match would be over in one blow.
But her instincts tell her this:
Do not underestimate him.
This Servant has a way to seize a certain kill.


She cannot approach.
It could be said that the range of the man's weapon, the Japanese katana, is hard to judge... but above it, Saber's location is at a disadvantage.

Above and below the stairs.
There is about five meters between them.
She would certainly receive that sword before she could run up and rush him.

...But nothing can be felt from that sword.
It should be easy to repel it.
So she should not hesitate and rush in... but Saber instinctively understands she cannot close in without care.

She adjusts her stance slightly and glares at the enemy in front of her.
His identity is unknown, but she should at least determine the class of this samurai.
"...I ask of you. Which Servant are you?"
Saber asks, not expecting an answer.

With a smile,
"Servant Assassin, Sasaki Kojirou."

The Servant says so as if singing.

"Wha"
It is only natural for Saber to be surprised.
Servants should hide their identities.
Where in the world would you find a Servant that just comes out with it himself!?

"What are you"

"It is rude to ask like that. It is only natural to name oneself before a match, is it not? All the more so if the opponent is a fair one as you are. I would not expect for you to make a face like that."
Assassinthe man who called himself Sasaki Kojirou continues, as if enjoying Saber's confusion.

Saber surely does not know.
That this Servant is a swordsman who wielded a katana called Monohoshizao, and was often rumored to have no match in this large world.
No, what would change even if she knew?
His birth is unknown, and even his existence is uncertain.
His story was only told through word of mouth. There should only be one who knows the existence of this swordsman. That being the worthy rival of the rare-skilled swordsman, the one being his only enemy who defeated the man called Sasaki Kojirou.

One cannot call this person a hero.
The Servant AssassinSasaki Kojirou is an existence quite unlike Saber.
What Servant would know the skills of a swordsman who is usually not treated as a hero?

"But."
There are only two truths in front of her right now.
That this man in front of her is her enemy, and that he has given his name.
"...You have me. It is the etiquette of a knight for me to introduce myself if I am given your name."

Saber's voice in reply is heavy.
For her, it is too risky to state her true name.
She cannot reveal her true name no matter what torture she receives, and she has no intention of revealing it.
But that is only for the sake of victory.
She cannot disgrace the faith of the knight for such a thing.

"You called yourself Kojirou.
Servant Assassin, I am-"
"Stop. I see, you are the kind that must introduce yourself in return if given my name.
No, it was I who was rude."
Clank.
Assassin descends the stairs elegantly and confronts Saber.

"I do not intend to know my enemy like that. For us, these swords shall be enough to know our enemies.
Am I wrong, Servant Saber?"
"Wha"

"It should not be that surprising. I do not know what it is you are holding, but the pressure on your body is that of a swordsman.
...Hm, that dazzlingly beautiful aura of swordsmanshipwho else could you be but Saber?"
Another step.
Assassin descends the stairs and directs the point of his sword at Saber.

"I do not care about your true name. There will only be the fact that Servant Saber suffered defeat by my sword.
There is nothing to discuss. From the beginning, Servants are such beings, are they not?"
The swordsman smiles happily.

"I see. Certainly, that is true."
Answering, she readies her sword close to her.

"That is good.
Then let us duel, Saber.
I must see your sword skills said to be the best among all Servants"

The silver light jumps.
Hardness and softness.
The fight between two very different swordsmen begins under the moonlight.
"...!"
I wake up with a burning pain in my chest.
...I feel like I've had an ominous dream.
My body is sweating even though it's winter and I'm breathing hard.

"...What... my chest, hurts"
It feels like my heart is hot.
No, it's more like forcibly having heat driven into my heart from outside.

"From outside...?"
A small doubt.
Before I think what it could be, my body starts to run.

"Saber, you here...!?"
I run into the room.
I open the shouji and enter the room Saber should be sleeping in.

"She's not here. Don't tell me she..."
No, it has to be.
If she's not here, shemust have gone to Ryudou Temple by herself...!

"Idiot, why...!? You're not fully healed, so why!?"

I'm so angry it gives me a headache.
Why doesn't she obey me?
I didn't say I don't want to fight.
I just...
Didn't want her to be hurt like that...!

"Kuh!"
Nothing will happen sitting here.
I have to hurry to Ryudou Temple.
I can't let Saber fight alone.
No, who knows what good I'll be even if I go there, but there should be something I'm able to do...!

"Geez, you're a girl, so be more obedient...!"
I run.
I run outside without changing, take out the bike I haven't used in a while, and start to pedal with all my might.

I go down the hill with no brakes.
About forty minutes to Ryudou Temple even if I hurry.
I don't know when Saber left, but I have to catch up to her! And every minute counts!
"What the hell is that!?"
What greets me at the Ryudou Temple is a typhoon-like sound of wind.

"That'sSaber there, right?"
At the top of the steps, in front of the temple gates is an armored figure like Saber confronting a figure in a kimono.
The wind must be surrounding Saber as the trees on the mountain are creaking as if being pushed by her.

"Guh... Damn, is it even possible to get near her like this...!?"
I can't even open my eyes because of the strong wind.
I manage to get to the steps looking down, but the wind gets stronger.

"No, I can't"
...Get near Saber.
I can see Saber fighting someone way up there, but I can't do anything.

No, first of all, even if I do make it up there in all this wind, I'll only be a burden to her
"...!"
My left hand aches again.

The Command Spell on my hand is throbbing.
...I don't know what it means.
But I can't help it because..
...That image flashes in my head every time it throbs!

"...Damn, I'm getting desperate here...!"
I reach out to the steps with my eyes closed.
I lie down, trying not to be blown by the wind, and start to move upwards.

"...!"
The wind just gets stronger.
Something must be happening above as even I, an amateur magus, can feel that an enormous amount of magical energy is about to be released.

My Command Spell throbs.
It is as if it is warning me about the wind, and about something that is going to happen above me.

"...Wait. Could this be..."
Saber's magical energy?
But then

"Why is she doing something like this with that wounded body of hers!?"
No, should she even be doing this at all?
Saber cannot replenish her magical energy.
So she shouldn't be using her magical energy readily.
She has to leave the fighting to me and stay as my backup, or her magical energy will run out and


I get up and run up the stairs.
This is no time to be crawling.
I don't know what Saber is planning to do, but I have to stop her!

"!?"
It must be luck that I avoided it.
Something like a dagger flies across right in front of me as I try to run up to the temple gate.

"Who's there!?"
I look toward the trees in the mountain off to the side of the stairs.
...There's no mistake about it.
I didn't notice because of the strong wind before, but someone else is hiding near here...!

"Don't play arounddon't hide like a coward and come out...!"
I raise my voice.
That voice that should have been drowned out by the wind...
...Echoes through the area, surprising even me.

"The wind... stopped?"
I look up at the temple gate.
There...[r]
...is a man in a kimono holding a longsword, and Saber's back.

"Stop right there, Saber. Someone is trying to steal a glance at your technique."
The man in the kimono says with a faint smile.
He is staring into the forest like I am.

"If we continue, this match will not be between just us.
I do not know if the shameless one hiding there is going to attack the winner or if it is only here to watch.
...But either way, this is less interesting now."

The man says so with disinterest and starts to go up the stairs.
"Stop...! Are you not going to settle this match, Assassin...!?"

"I will settle this match if you come through this gate. I will not allow anyone to step through this gate.
Butthat is unfortunately my only role.
I have no intention of stopping you if you are to retreat. Well, that idiot hiding in the trees is a different story. If it is someone I do not take a liking to, I would not let them through on my life nor would I let them retreat alive."
The man called Assassin goes up the stairs.

"You were manipulated, Saber. Well, the same goes for me as I did not notice the presence of this person. I could have shown you my full secret technique if we continued, but we were interrupted at a bad time. It must be fortuitous for you."

"!"
Saber is hanging her head in regret.
...The killing intent fades away.
Not because of Assassin's words, but Saber herself must know it is disadvantageous to fight now.

"See, your pick-up is here as well. That boy must be your Master. Leave before the idiot sneaking a look at us changes its target to him."
And Assassin disappears.
He must have become a spirit, and it must be his demonstration that he will not attack us unless we advance.


Saber does not say anything.
She just has her back to me as she quietly stands there.

"...Hey, Saber...?"
There's no answer even when I call out to her.
"...?"
I think it's strange, so I start to go up the stairs...

"What...?"
The armor Saber had on suddenly disappears.
The girl in her defenseless blue clothes sways without turning around.

"!"
I stop Saber with my arms as she falls back down the stairs.
Saber does not move at all. She is unconscious with her eyes closed in pain.

"...Haa... haa... haa... haa...."
...I'm finally home.
It has taken two hours to carry Saber back from Ryudou Temple.
There were lots of problems, but we managed to get home safely.

"...Haa... haa... ah."
I lay Saber down in the hallway.
Saber was really light. She only weighed about forty kilograms, so I wouldn't normally have been this tired.

But that's only if the weight isn't moving.
I didn't know that it was such a hard task to carry a sleeping humana girl too.
The fatigue is great not physically, but mentally.
It's because my attention was disrupted by things like her body's softness and by having her breathing softly right by me.

"...Geez... why did she have to suddenly lose consciousness?"
I look at the sleeping Saber.
...She must not be completely unconscious.
She looks like she'll open her eyes if I call out her name, even though she's sleeping like a corpse.

"......"
...Damn.
There were so many things I wanted to say when I left the house, but I can't say anything when she makes a sleeping face like that.

"...Oh well. I'll bring it up when you wake up, Saber."
I murmur.
And the instant I reach out to carry Saber again-

"...Well, I don't care. It doesn't concern me what your taste is or what you're doing."
For some reason.
Tohsaka is in the hallway even though it is past two in the morning.

"T-T-T-T-T-T-Tohsaka...!?"
"Why are you looking at me if you've seen a ghost? I don't have any complaints, so you can continue. I only got up to take a drink."

"Ehuh, you're wrong! Wrong, completely wrong!
Um, it's a long story, but I'm only trying to take Saber to her room... do you understand...!?"

"Yes, so it seems."
"D-Don't lie to me! It sounds like you don't understand!"

"I'm saying I do. Saber went to fight by herself and you went and stopped her, right?
And there was some sort of trouble, so Saber came back unconscious. How about that?"

"Uh... y-yeah. Amazing, you're perfectly right. But how do you know?"

"Of course I can tell. There was a likelihood that Saber would go off to battle by herself, and the Master will be informed of that once the battle starts. That's why this development is within the scope of my deduction."

"I see. That's fine, but..."
...Um, so Tohsaka predicted that Saber would go out to fight by herself?

"So what are you going to do? Aren't you going to take Saber to her room? If you let her sleep here, I'm sure even a Servant will catch a cold."

"So I was about to take her to her room"
I was going to carry her, but...
...Um.
It's hard to do so when she's watching.

"...Tohsaka. Sorry, but can you carry Saber?"
"Me? Well, that's fine. Then can you prepare some tea? I'm curious to hear what happened."

Tohsaka picks up Saber.
...I'm uneasy about her being so understanding, but as long as I've asked her to do so, I have to go prepare some tea.

Tohsaka takes Saber to my room.
I am preparing tea in the kitchen.

"By tea, she must not mean Japanese tea. ...This place only has English tea in teabags though."
Well, it can't be helped if we don't have it.
I decide she can complain if she wants and I make the tea with a teabag.

"Shirou, can I talk to you?"
Oh, Tohsaka's back.
"Yeah, hold on a moment. I'll be there right away."
I put the two teacups on a tray and head to the living room.
There.
Next to Tohsaka is Saber, changed into her normal clothes.

"S-Saber...!? Why? Weren't you asleep...!?"

"She was. But it's not a long-lasting sleep, and she just woke up.
It seems she tried to use a large amount of magical energy at once and her body shut off. It's like an electrical breaker. The kind that forces the power to be turned off before it shorts out, you know?"

"......"
Saber is quiet as Tohsaka explains.
"Y-You"
Seeing her usual attitude, my complaints return.

"Saber, you...! Do you know what you did!?"

"There is no reason I would not know.
I proceeded to Ryudou Temple and battled the Servant Assassin. We noticed the presence of a third Servant during our battle, so we suspended it."

"...! No, I'm not talking about that!
What I'm asking is why you fought!"
"That again? It is only natural for a Servant to fight. How about you, Shirou? Why are you, a Master, telling me not to fight?"

"Well, that's"
I unconsciously hesitate to reply.
...Well, battles are inevitable as long as I've decided to fight as a Master.
I know I'm contradicting myself by telling Saber not to fight.
But still...
I can't let something like that happen again.

"Then I would like to ask you instead. It seems that you dislike battles, but do you really expect to survive the Holy Grail War like that?
It seems that we will only be defeated by other Masters if we follow your policy."

Of course not.
I will repel dangers that come at me, and I don't intend to get killed helplessly.
But completely aside from that, I don't want Saber fighting.

"No.
I don't hate the fighting. I just, um"
It must be much simpler than that.
In short, I...

"Um, girls can't get hurt. As a guy, I can't let that happen. So if I'm going to let you fight, I'm going to fight myself."
"Whayou are saying you will not let me fight because I am a woman...!?

"Are you insane!? Servants are beings that protect their Master. It is natural for us to get hurt as we are beings summoned only to fulfill that task...!
The sex of the Servant is of no concern, and beyond that, you are treating me, a warrior, as a woman!?
Please take those words back, Shirou...!"

Saber comes at me with a glare.
But I won't be pushed back by her pressure.
What is she sayingthat she is a knight before she is a woman?
Saying such unreasonable things with that small body of hers that even I can carry...!

"I would never take my words back! It may be true that you're strong, but you're still a girl! Don't get worked up over such an insignificant thing, you idiot!"

"...! Are you not the one getting worked up over insignificant things...!? Are you saying you do not want to be protected by a woman!? My body is that of a heroic spirit. Forget about such trivial aspects!"

"It's not trivial at all! Geez, it's not okay for me even if it's okay for you! It was a mistake from the beginning to have someone fight in my place. I can't"

I can't allow someone to get hurt,In place of saving me.
I should be the one doing the saving.
I have been working hard to become a person who can help others like my father, so

"...Damn. Listen, just don't fight, Saber.
It's the guy's role to fight, so I'll be doing the fighting. You shouldn't have any complaints about that, because I'm saying we'll fight as you wish."

"Whatyou are absurd...! Do you think a human can match a Servant!?  You should already know you are no match for the Servants!
Please recall what happened when you were attacked by Lancer.
You would have certainly been killed if I had not appeared. It will be the same against any Servant!"

"Y-You won't know unless we try! I was just unprepared that time. Now, we can prepare as much as possible, so I might at least be able to sneak an attack on them!"

"Ridiculous. A shield prepared by you would be no better than paper."
"Whoa, that's a horrible thing to say, Saber!"

"You are the one insulting the Servants. You are conceited, thinking that you can defeat a heroic spirit as a mere human."
"!!!!"

Saber and I glare at each other.
It's no use. It looks this conversation is going nowhere with no compromise in sight.

"You're wrong, Saber. Shirou isn't insulting the Servants. I'm interrupting because the conversation won't go anywhere if you misunderstand that."
"Rin...? What do you mean by that...?"

"Well, in short, he just doesn't want to get you hurt. I don't know why, but Shirou is full of devotion to others.
Right? Saber is more important to you than you are, right?"
Tohsaka looks at me.

"...T-That's not true...! I didn't say Saber was important to me."

"That's a lie. You couldn't say you'd fight yourself unless you thought so.
Because you already know you can't beat a Servant yourself, right? But saying you'll fight in spite of that means that Saber is more important than you."

"Huh?"
Ah... um?
Well, it's like that if she says so, but

"That's why you fight even though it's absurd to do so. You try to win even when you realize you have no chance of winning. You don't care if you die in the process.
Because for you, though I don't know why, other people are more important than yourself."


No.
I didn't mean that at all...

"That's why. You should understand, Saber. He's an idiot who will protect you against that Berserker. That's why he's saying seriously that he'll fight."

I don't know how much of Tohsaka's explanation Saber understood.
But Saber takes a deep breath and looks at me.

"Shirou"
"W-What, Saber?"
"I will approve of you fighting. But if that is the case, I have something else in mind as well."
"S-So, what?"

"Sword training. I will teach you as much swordsmanship as is possible in the time allowed. If you will accept that, I will accept your opinion as well."

"Wha"
Does that mean she will train me in swordsmanship...?
Um, because she allows me to fight from now on...?

"Hold on. That's excess weight on your mind, Saber.
Teaching Shirou swordsmanship? Cut it out. There's no way you can match a Servant with something like that."

"That is true. But it would be better than not knowing.
It should at least reduce hesitation in battle.
I can only gamble on Shirou's determination after that, but that is how real battles are anyway. There is nothing one can obtain if they are not fit for it."

"...Hmm... well, you're right when you put it like that.
Readiness to fight won't come unless you do so at least once."

"Yes, so once... no, not once, but as many times as time allows, I would like for Shirou to experience 'death in battle' and become familiar with fighting."
The two talk dangerously.

"Hold on. I didn't say I would"

"Then I guess I'll teach him about magic.
If Saber's going to train his body, I'll train his knowledge. ...Well, that was the initial promise anyway, so I guess I'll start proper training for him tomorrow."

"Please. If you do that, I can concentrate on the sword myself."

"It's fine. Then since we're decided, let's break up for tonight. It looks like we're going to be busy tomorrow."
Tohsaka waves goodbye and disappears into the outbuilding.

"I will be resting as well. You should rest also, Shirou. I will have you train in the dojo tomorrow."
She gives a small bow and goes back to her room.


In the living room are the untouched teas and myself standing there dumbfounded.
"So I never said I would..."
The words I murmur are ignored.

Well.
The already confusing situation looks like it will get even stranger.
I can't even guess what will happen tomorrow.

"...I'll sleep. I have to save my energy at the least."
Everything starts from my body.
...Well, um.
You could say that I can only rely on the hope that if my body is well-prepared, I can overcome any hardships.
The next day.
After a normal morning, I enter the living room to find a complicated breakfast table.

"Sorry, Sakura. I can't eat butter. Pass me that marmalade over there."
"Really? Tohsaka-Senpai, you seemed like you didn't like sweet things."
"Nonsense, no such girl exists. It's not that I don't like sugar, but I can't take it. If I let my guard down, I grow where you can't see, so I can only eat sweets once a week."

"...? But you're still eating marmalade, Senpai?"
"I eat sugar in the mornings. I have to eat at least a bit, or the backlash later on could get scary."
"I see. Even if you eat only twice a day, it will get worse if you eat twice as much."
"That's right. ...Hey, I wasn't going to say anything, but you eat a lot, Saber. You have a small frame, but you're eating as much as Sakura."

"Is that so? I think I am average. I believe the bread Sakura is eating is much more substantial than mine."
"T-That's not true...! You, Tohsaka-Senpai, and I all have two slices of toast."
"But the thickness is different. Ours are one centimeter thick while yours are two, so you are eating a lot. You are in your growing period, so it is good to get energy. How about eating not just one but actually finishing your share, Rin?"

"I'm telling you I can't. It's not like I'm Sakura and all the nutrients go to my chest. If I eat a lot in the morning, it'll increase. I usually don't eat breakfast, so I'm compromising already."
"...Tohsaka-Senpai, um, please don't talk about that in front of Senpai."

"...Hmm. You say 'it' will increase, but why do you avoid using specific terms, Rin?"
"Well, it's about those things you can't see. Oh well, you can see Sakura's, so you can leave her out of this."
"S-So please don't talk about it!"


I take a bite of the well-done toast.
Perhaps my brain just doesn't follow what's going in front of me, but I'm eating toast and not joining the conversation.
...Well, the truth is that there's no room for me to cut into the conversation.

"...I guess I didn't need to worry."
They seem to have a good relationship for now.
Tohsaka is the same as always, and Saber is more open than she was last night.
Sakura is... well, she still seems to be a bit resistant to Saber, but it doesn't look like she dislikes her.

"...I'm worried that Fuji-Nee isn't here, but she should be here tonight......"
The shock last night must have been a big one.
Well, she will probably come and eat dinner, so I'd think she'll have calmed down by then.

Breakfast ends, and I start cleaning up.
"Senpai, is it really okay leaving all the cleaning up to you?"

"Yeah, I'll do it. You have a club to go to.
There was that incident yesterday, so you should go."
"...Yes. Then I'll go on ahead, Senpai."

Sakura bows also to Tohsaka and leaves the living room in a hurry.
That leaves the three of us.
Which means, once Sakura leaves, the three of us who know the secret remain.

"Then I shall excuse myself as well. Please call for me if you need anything."
"See ya, Saber. I'll look after Shirou, so please take care of this place while we're gone."

"Yes. Please take care of Shirou, Rin."
Bowing lightly to Tohsaka, Saber returns to her room.

...Well, there's nothing to do here.
So she must want to save her energy by sleeping, but......

"...Geez. Does she only think about fighting?"
"Of course. You should start to show some willingness or Saber will lose patience with you.
Even though her wound isn't healed yet, she's not one to stay quiet forever, right?"

A clicking sound.
As she makes a scary comment, Tohsaka turns on the TV.

"Hm? This news again."
The morning news streams from the TV.
I listen to it while washing the dishes in the kitchen.
...Well.
The content is the same as the news I heard a while ago.

"They're saying there was another gas leak incident over in the Shinto area.
...That's stupid. That kind of thing is happening here too."
"?"
Hold on.
Did Tohsaka say something really worrying?

"Tohsaka, what do you mean by that?"
"It's that the people are weakening with no obvious cause, right? People that have lost consciousness without an obvious cause, carried off to the hospital in a coma.
There must be a lot of them by now. There doesn't seem to be a danger in the victims' lives right now, but what happens in the future will depend on what the instigator decides."

"Wha"
Wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Not only in the neighboring town, but over here too?
Comas with no cause?
Numerous victims?
No, the problem is

"Tohsaka, are you saying it's the work of another Master?"

"Who else could it be? Please get used to it. You are a Master too, you know."
"That'strue. ...But, why didn't you tell me before, Tohsaka?"

"This incident isn't as simple.
The Master that put up the boundary field at school is third class, but this Master is first class. He isn't killing anyone. He's just storing power by absorbing half of their lives."

"...Well, it is true that the speed is slower, it doesn't break the rules of magi. And there's also no need to push oneself. This Master is stealing the simplest form of magical energy, 'life force', out of people in the city from a place far away."

"A place far away... can this person collect magical energy from such a distance?"
"It must be a really skilled magus.
Both Shinto and Miyama City. Only great magi can create an 'absorption' that can cover two towns."

"...Or maybe the Master has secured a superior spiritual ground. My father was saying something about a ley line in Fuyuki City, so if one took up a position there, it would be easy to collect life force..."

"...? Hey, Tohsaka."
"There weren't any references to it in Father's study, so if there is one, it'll be in the master's room... Oh man, that place is so weird even now, so I'd like to stay away from it if I can.
...But then, all I can do is ask Kirei... no, I can't. I can't be in debt to him."

"Tohsaka, hey"
There's no answer.
...It's no good. Tohsaka is immersed in talking to herself.

I reach the school gate with Tohsaka halfheartedly.
The front gate has students arriving at school, and the school is starting another normal day.


But still, there is an odd feel to it.
I went through the front gate without noticing it yesterday, but I can certainly sense it if I look for it.
...How can I put this... it's so calm that even my instincts go numb.

"...You're right. The air is different from outside. It's like sweet honey."
"Oh, that's the way you feel it, huh? ...You're unskilled at detecting magical energy, but you might be sensitive to disorders in the world."
Tohsaka ponders.

"But sweet honey, huh? Speaking figuratively, like an insectivorous plant?
Yeah, that's a good way of putting it."
"...An insectivorous plant... that image is really bad."

"Really? I don't think your instinct is off. Because in this school, everyone will be eaten alive when the lid of the boundary field closes."

"!"
She sees through the aspect I didn't say, and I gasp.
"As I thought. You're fun because you're easy to understand."
"Whatever. It's not fun for me."

"Don't get mad. Don't worry because I know what you want to say. You're thinking you don't want to involve the students here, and I don't want to use this place as a battlefield. So there's only one thing to do, right?"

"......"
These are words to test me.
Tohsaka is telling me...
The Holy Grail Warthe "enemy" I said I will fight against, the Master who is willing to drag in innocent people in order to win, is at this school.

"I know. We have to find the Master who constructed this boundary field and do something about it. And if he isn't willing to remove the boundary field, we'll just beat him."
"That's right. I'm glad you understand."

"Well then, I'll look for whoever constructed the boundary field, so you go and check suspicious areas.
I already looked around, but there might have been something I missed. You seem to be good at finding these points, so I'll let you do it."
Tohsaka waves her hand and runs into the school building.

"HeyEven if you say that, I have no idea...! What kind of places are suspicious ones, Tohsaka!?"
"To put it in your words, somewhere where the air is sweet!
Just look for a place where the honey is really sweet!"
She yells back, running.

And Tohsaka disappears into the school building.
"...What is she? Running away suddenly like that, I don't get what she's thinkin"

"Oh."
The bell for homeroom rings.

"I-I seehey, why didn't she tell me that if she knew...!?"
I hold my bag and run full speed.
After that incident yesterday, who knows what Fuji-Nee will say if I'm late.
I descend the hill and return to the intersection.
If I head up to the residential district on the other side, I will be heading home, but

"...There's a Master at Ryudou Temple, huh?"
An hour's walk to the mountain.
Taking the mountainside road, one can reach the mountain gate that leads to the Ryudou Temple.

The Ryudou Temple is a large temple up on the mountain, as big as our school.
Its cemetery is large, but more than that, it's a small world made up of fifty practicing monks.
The people of the town are helped by the people of Ryudou Temple, but they also honor it as a sacred place that is not to be visited lightly.

"...Come to think of it, I haven't been to Ryudou Temple recently."
Ever since I went there last summer to stay there as mental training.
The temple's life gets really hard during the winter, so I was thinking about returning there during the winter

"Hm? What is someone who boycotted afternoon classes doing here?"
Speaking of the devil, or whatever...
I run into Ryudou Temple's successor, Ryudou Issei.

"Yo. Is school over already?"
"Of course it's over. I'm heading home since I don't have anything to do for the student council, but is something wrong? You seemed to be staring at the mountain."

"No, there wasn't anything wrong. I just felt like going home."
"Heh. The teachers would be out of business if people skipped class just because they feel like it. So, I'm asking why you were looking at the mountain."

"...Well. Issei, it's a small thing, but has there been anything strange going on recently?"
"Well. Change is common, but nothing has drastically changed. The mountain is always peaceful, and peace makes up ordinary days."

"Sorry Issei, I'm being serious here."
"H-How rude! I'm serious too!"

"It looks like it. Then it's good, I guess it was just overanxiety."
"Fine, if you understand. I wouldn't joke with you."
With a cough, Issei calms down.

"...But, hmm... There has been a change, but I wonder..."
"Huh...? A change? In the temple...!?"

"Yeah. Not the mountain, but the air at our temple is restless. She's apparently an acquaintance of my father, but we've taken in a bothersome guest. It's a problem because she is beautiful.
Geez, why is everyone making so much commotion over one woman?"

"Womandoes Ryudou Temple have nuns?"

"No. This is a special circumstance, and we're letting her use a room until the wedding celebrationno, but this person is so beautiful that it even captivates me when she's getting water from the well."
"What do you mean 'a special circumstance'... hey Issei? Hey, are you listening to me?"

"Mm, sorry. That is why women are bad.
Reject lust, be calm Issei."
The student council president starts to recite Buddhist scriptures.
...Geez, he's so serious, so he's hard to deal with when he gets like this.

"Heeeey, are you all right Issei?"
"No problem. My training is insufficient, so I wish to purify myself more."

I guess he still didn't hear me as he disappears into the back of the town.

The sun is already setting by the time I reach my house.
I'm home first just like yesterday.
Sakura and Fuji-Nee will be here soon, and Tohsaka should be back too.

"...I'll talk to her about what I heard from Shinji after Sakura and Fuji-Nee go home..."
There's no point in talking about it when those two are here.
That decided, I have to go and prepare dinner.

Tohsaka got me yesterday, and I have to try to put Fuji-Nee in a better mood.
Cooking takes time and effort before love.
If I am to go for a sure win, I will have to spend twice as much time.

So.
After all that, what happened is...

"Huumph! What, I didn't lose! Stupid Tohsaka-san! Bully!"
"I'm talking about the taste of the food. Um, it's the best dinner so far according to Fujimura-Sensei, so I'm saying we should share it among everyone."

"... Hmmm... I think she's saying something else.
Tohsaka-san said she didn't want to eat the food Shirou cooked."

"That's only in the mornings. I eat dinner like normal and we take turns cooking dinner, so it is my right to eat.
If you don't like that, please take my place tomorrow."

"Ughthat personality that strikes precisely at my weak point. Man, I didn't think you were such a terrible student."
Fuji-Nee reluctantly returns the pot to the table.
And so, the specially prepared rice returns to the table safely.

"...Hold on, Fuji-Nee, I cooked a lot so you don't need to hurry. I made enough for everyone."
Munch, munch.

"T-That's right... but Senpai, isn't this a bit too much?"
Munch, munch.

"Yes. Two casks for four people is obviously too much."
Munch, munch.

"It's not a cask, it's a pot. And it's fine. The rice is today's main dish, so there can be lots of it. If there's any left over, I'll make some riceballs and it'll be lunch for tomorrow."
Munch, munch.

"Oh, can I have some too? I usually don't like fried rice, but this is exceptional. There are lots of things in it. What exactly did you use?"
Munch, munch.

"It's basically rice mixed with mushrooms, right? There are lots of details, like the way it's using citrus instead of fried things for its aroma."
Munch, munch.

"...Fine! I'll eat it all myself then! You watch!"

Fuji-Nee must have given up taking the pot for herself, as she starts to eat really fast.
She empties her bowl quickly and asks for more in no time.

"...Fine, but it won't run out even if you take it slow, Fuji-Nee."
"That's fine! I'm going to eat Shirou's food, so I won't give it to some stranger!"
She snatches away the bowl.

"?"
I don't get it.
Sakura is smiling awkwardly, Tohsaka is ignoring Fuji-Nee, and Saber is eating her food.
...I put in a lot of effort to make this, but it might have had the opposite of the desired effect.
The dinner that was supposed to have Tohsaka admit defeat ends loudly because of Fuji-Nee's strange actions.

"Then, see you Senpai."
"Yeah. Fuji-Nee, please take Sakura home safely."
"Yeah, yeah, I know. Don't worry."
Stepping lightly, Fuji-Nee holds Sakura's hand.

"What? Shirou, you look like you're wondering about something."
"Of course I'm wondering. Usually, people can't move after eating that much."

"Really? It was tough, but it's fine once you swallow it."
So you should realize the problem is that there's no limit to that, Tiger.
Just as one would expect from a wild tiger. If possible, I don't want it accidentally trespassing into human society.

"Then see you tomorrow. Don't stay up late, you two."
"Yes, good night Senpai."
"Yeah, night Shirou."
The points of the swords cross.
The swords are swung many times.
Numerous blows.
The sword and the katana repel each other, scattering sparks.
The session of more than a few dozen blows does not change the positions of the two.
Assassin, positioned above, does not retreat even a step,and Saber, trying to ascend the stairs, is unable to draw nearer and uselessly wastes time and spirit.

"Haa!"
Saber rushes in again.
Assassin swings his longsword without difficulty and defends completely against Saber's charge.

No, it isn't as simple as defending.
If Saber's sword is lightning, Assassin's sword is a hurricane.
Even though it does not match Saber in speed or power, its elastic tracks parry Saber's every blow.
And the counter increases speed and flows toward Saber's neck like a strong wind.

When Saber steps in again after avoiding that attack, the sword she has avoided comes at her again in no time.
In contrast to the straight path Saber's sword takes, Assassin's sword takes a curved path.
Assassin's blade is graceful, but since it moves in an arc, it does not take the shortest route.
So he shouldn't be able to make it in time against Saber's sword moving in a straight line, but there is something about Assassin that reduces that difference to zero.

"Kuh!"
The charge stops.
Her sword won't make it in time against his sword's counter-attack.
She steps back, knowing the only way she can avoid it is to retreat.

Assassin's swordplay is fascinatingly beautiful. But at the same time, it is so fast that it is hard to follow.
Is that contradiction because of Assassin's skill or the unfavorable position of attacking someone on higher ground?
Without a definite answer, she avoids the sword pursuing her and parries the point trying to pierce her neck.

"!"
When she notices, she has retreated a few more steps.
It's such a long sword.
It should be easy to go inside on him once she has parried it away once, but she somehow cannot manage to do so.

The enemy's excellent skill and the definitely disadvantageous ground.
Saber bites her lips, thinking she would not have this much trouble with that longsword on flat ground.

"It is indeed hard to fight against. I did not imagine an invisible sword would be this troublesome."
Assassin does not move.
For him, this is only a battle of defense.
He has no need to chase the retreating Saber without reason nor forsake his advantage of higher ground.

"...Hmm. I believe this is the first time you've even seen a katana, is it not?
My sword is a heresy, and it will slice the head of one of average skill. I am happy you have blocked this much, Saber."

"And on top of that, your drive is marvelous. You are able to do so much with that small body of yours. Your body must indeed be well-trained."
As he has no need to keep attacking, Assassin observes Saber calmly.

His sword wavers, losing strength.
She cannot charge as if that is an opening.
There are no stances for that man.
He can only use that long a sword if he can swing it from any position.

"What? It cannot be that this is the end. That invisible sword is not just mere show, is it not?"
"Hah, quit your impudent talk!"

The sword and the katana crash.
"All right, I am correct...!"
The longsword stops in empty space.
Assassin smiles and looks at his sword blocking the invisible sword, parries her sword, and
Saber defends herself from the blow to her neck.
"......!"
Even Saber knows.
That it is because of her invisible sword that she is able to block Assassin's unfamiliar techniques.
The invisible sword confuses the opponent's senses in both offense and defense.

That is why Assassin does not follow through too much.
As he does not know how long Saber's sword is, it is too dangerous for Assassin to close in on Saber.
If Assassin ever goes to attack Saber, that will be when

"Hah...!"
Saber tries to smash Assassin's head.
That blow....
...Is perfectly dodged by Assassin, who merely retreats a bit.

"...All right, I see it now. The blade is roughly three Shaku (ninety centimeters) long and four sun (twelve centimeters) wide. The shape is... hmmm... like your name, Saber, it is a typical western sword."
He talks calmly but it does not even need to be said how good his judgment is.
Saber's blows are too fast to perceive even if the sword can be seen.
But not only does he defend against the invisible sword, but he has figured out its shape

"I cannot believe it. You have measured my sword without using any magic nor exchanging blows with me."

"Oh, are you surprised? But this is just a street performance. As I am an unorthodox sword-user, I only improve on such techniques."

"I see. It was your way of fighting not to meet any of my blows, but parry them. I see the term unorthodox comes from how much of a coward you are."

"HaNo, no. Forgive my rudeness in not locking blades with you.
I have this longsword. It will break if I fight off your sword. It must be your style to compete in power, but I cannot do so. I cannot lock blades with you and compete strength with you."


"The Katana is always such a sword.
Western swords cut with their weight and power.
But our blades cut with speed and technique.
It is no wonder our fighting styles are mismatched, is it not?"

"But well... this is somewhat unentertaining.
Now is a good time, Saber. Stop hiding your true powers."
"...Assassin, are you saying I am going easy on you?"
"Are you saying you are not? I do not know your intentions, but you are taking me lightly fighting with your sheath on. Are you telling me that I am not worthy to fight seriously?"


"Hm. It still seems as if you will not comply with my request.
Fine, then this is it. If you are unwilling to do so, I will show you my secret technique first."
Saying so...
The swordsman with the longsword comes down next to Saber.

"What?"
To relinquish his advantage of being overhead is the same as losing for Assassin.
Assassin is certainly a skilled swordsman, but that is only with the conditions of these geographical features.

If they are to fight on the same level, it is possible for Saber to repel Assassin's attack and slash his neck.
But Assassin would know this as well.
So why?

"Be ready. Or you will die, Saber."
Saber's instincts react to that voice.
He's telling the truth.
It is not advantageous at all for Saber that Assassin has come down.
The instincts that have got her through numerous battles warn her of her misunderstanding.

"Ku!"
She readies her sword at once.
There is no time to hesitate.
She only has to attack with her sword before Assassin swings his longsword!

"Fu"
There's about three meters of distance between them.
With Saber trying to charge in, Assassin stands ready.
That...
...Is a stance that the swordsman has not yet shown in this battle.

"Secret technique"
Saber charges in.
The longsword is useless now.
As long as she's inside its range, its length will backfire.
But.
"Tsubame-Gaeshi"
Such logic does not exist with this swordsman.
The lightning strikes.
An evil strike that attacks with speed overwhelming Saber!

"!"
But it is not as if Saber cannot block such an attack.
She moves her attacking sword into defense, and she repels Assassin's full-power attack...!

"Got it...!"
Even Assassin will have an opening if that attack is repelled.
In the small instant where she tries to slice Assassin's stomach...
"Ah"
In that instant, Saber trusts her instincts and rolls down the stone steps.

She rolls down as if fleeing.
She doesn't even soften her landing.
Saber spins her body frantically and rolls down the stairs without killing her speed.

"Ku!"
Saber stops rolling and stands back up.
She stares at the swordsman standing calmly.

"Oh. You have dodged my secret technique. As expected of Saber, you are unlike the swallow."

"I do not believe it. That cannot be..."
"No, it is nothing much. It is just something I thought of when considering how to hit swallows."
He raises his longsword a little.
As ifto trace the movement of the technique that inspired fear in Saber.

"Can you see it, Saber?
Swallows avoid the sword by feeling the wind. It does not matter how fast your sword is. You cannot swing a sword without shaking the air, correct? The swallows feel this shaking and change their direction of flight.
So no one could kill the swallows with one blow, no matter what kind of blow it was. A sword is only a straight line after all. It is only natural for it to be unable to apprehend the swallow, which can move vertically and horizontally."

"Thus you only have to surround its escape route.
Use one blow to attack the swallow and use your second blow to catch the escaping swallow as it reads the wind.
But they are fast. The second blow cannot come in time with this longsword. If I wanted to get the swallows, I would have to do both attacks at about the same time. But such a thing is beyond human abilities.
I accepted such a thing was impossible, but

"Unfortunately, I had nothing else to do.
They say determination is key to success, but when I noticed, it was like this.
A worthless idea to kill a swallow became a secret technique that creates a prison with many slashes."

In her mind, Saber disagrees with Assassin's words.
It's wrong.
That technique is not as simple as that.
About the same time? No.
The two blows came at exactly the same time.
Assassin'sSasaki Kojirou's longsword doubled its existence for just that instant.

"Multi-dimensional refraction phenomenon... Kishua Zelretch... A Servant that has reached the level of a Noble Phantasm with mere skill"
That fact is what should be admired.
That one blow made it clear.
Sasaki Kojirou does not have a Noble Phantasm like heroic spirits have.
He has only his demonic technique, made possible by his god-like skill.
It is impossiblebut this mere human is equal to heroic spirits armed with Noble Phantasms!

"But the foothold was bad. The Tsubame-Gaeshi originally has three slashes. If this place were a bit wider, I could have added the vertical slash as well."
"...I would assume so. It would not be effective without that.
If everything is to happen at the same time, the second blow has to be slower. To compensate for that, there should be a third vertical attack, to prevent the opponent from dodging sideways."

"You catch on quickly. That must be why you were able to avoid my secret technique.
Hah, you are wonderful, Saber.
I have cursed myself for being summoned in this world, but that will end tonight. If I am able to battle someone I can fully use my secret attacks on, it is well worth being summoned"

Assassin readies his sword once again and comes down the stairs.
He must be after Saber's neck.
Saber is not confident if she will be able to avoid that secret technique again.
Like Lancer's Gae Bolg, Assassin's Tsubame-Gaeshi is something that cannot be allowed to begin.

No, unlike Gae Bolg, that allows you to find a countermeasure once you find out it will go for the heart, there are no possible counters for Assassin's secret technique even when you know about it.
If there is a countermeasure, it is only not to let him use it.
To beat it, she must attack him with her strongest blow before Assassin uses that technique

"...I see. Certainly, you are not someone I can go easy on."
She lowers her arms.
She lowers her sword as if to stick it into the ground. She glares at Assassin, who is approaching her.
"Hm...? So you are finally ready to do so?"

Assassin stops descending the steps and readies himself for a certain kill.
Saber looks at him bravely.
"I too have no complaints.
Will you be able to take my attack, Servant Assassin...!?"
Saber releases her own restraints.

The air shakes.
As if acting in response to her will, the sword erupts with a massive amount of wind.

"Mm!"
Assassin retreats a bit.
It is only natural as the wind pressure released from Saber is extraordinary.
Not only Assassin, but even the large firm trees of the forest are shaking and creaking.

It is a flow of wind like an explosion.
The trapped air is released and explodes outward.
This raging wind that would easily blow away a normal person is coming out from Saber's sword.

That is the power of her sword.
"Invisible Air" is a sword that has wind sealed in it.
The sword that covers itself in compressed wind changes the refraction of light to make it look invisible.
So this phenomenon occurs once the wind is released.
The released wind seeks escape and emits itself chaotically into the surroundings.

In that instant.
It is the commanding magic of the sword that allows her to freely manipulate the raging wind.
With Saber possessing incredible amounts of magical energy, she should be able to hold this boundary field for a few minutes.
As proof, her sword is still invisible even though she has already released this much wind.

"...Hm. It is like a typhoon, but"
The power of the raging wind does not abate.
The wind emitting from Saber's sword is about to engulf Assassin.

"It cannot be just this. I will find out what is behind all this, Saber...!"
Assassin closes in against the blinding raging wind.

Saber's arms move.
To attack Assassin who is calmly advancing in the strong wind that allows no approach, the sword clad in wind roars and
You thoughtless Shirou!
Thoughtless Shirou!!
What are you doing when her wound hasn't even healed yet?
You just became a Master, so you should train yourself a bit more!
That's right. It can't be helped if you're killed by me, but being killed by that fox isn't cool. Hurry back to the previous choice and stay home tonight.
That's right. Make sure to properly consider your actions next time.
Well. Tiger Dojo, the support for all those who reach dead ends because of mistakes, is entering its third session already.
I think you people are getting used to this dojo, but...
But? What is it, Taiga? Are you hinting at something? Is there something you want to say?
...Yes. Actually, I think everyone's starting to wonder by now as well.
Wonder?
Well, then I'll say it but
Isn't that buruma too direct!!!!!!?
Huh? But this is a dojo, right? I'm in my gym uniform because we're going to be working out.
...I see. So that's the reason, huh? That's certainly logical. I thought it was a scheme of a mischievous girl trying to steal away the few spotlights I have.
You're thinking too much, Taiga. After all, we're on a completely different level. I don't even need to change into my best clothes.
You're right! We're treated differently, so there's isn't even a need to compete.
Thank God. We're best friends forever.
The gym uniform is a sign of vitality, so I'll allow Ilya-chan to keep wearing it!
Of course. Well, you can thank me for not being in a maid costume or a school swimsuit. Actually, I was supposed to appear in a different costume every time.
Wow. An obvious difference in our treatment.
Heh, I'm not vexed. The idea was discarded after all, so you're treated the same way as I am.
...But I'm a bit curious.
What kind of costumes were you planning to wear?
Um, things like male school uniform, kamakura style, my adult version, snowman, apron, kimono, G*rman army officer's uniform...
There were forty different costumes!
Guaaaaa! That's enough! Such blessed love is too hateful!
But it's a bit disappointing since I wanted to see the officer uniform.
Yeah. I don't think it's good to take back a decision they've already made, even though they're adults.
You're right! What are the commanders thinking to take away my route!? Do they really want to win!?
You had no route from the start.
What!? Stay there, you disgrace!
Kyaaaaa, heeeeelp meeeee.
Oh, hi, Senpai.
Stay relaxed.
She's gone... Taiga's unconscious, so maybe I should head back too.
Give you the stamp and... all right, let's meet again after the next dead end!

If I can, I'd prefer nobody to be sad.
If I can make people around me happy just by helping them myself, I think that would make the world a pleasant place to live in.

That was Kiritsugu's favorite phrase.
The man who was a superhero to me was saying that he thought he was a failure.

He didn't even need to explain it to me.
The world of the young me was so different from the world of the adult Kiritsugu that the passing grade to be a superhero was different.
For me as a child, the house was my only world.
So it was enough for me if I could keep protecting my father, Fuji-Nee, myself, and the shed that I loved.

I only tried to protect the ones I could see.
But maybe Kiritsugu wanted to do something about even the ones he couldn't see.

I was reckless when I was young.
I educated myself by cursing the heartlessness of the world.
The world was cruelso I made myself even more heartless and used that as a weapon, trying to follow through on my ideals.

There will always be some that cannot be saved.
It is impossible to save everyone.
If I have to lose five hundred to earn one thousand,I will abandon one hundred and save the lives of nine hundred.
That is the most efficient method.
That is the idealKiritsugu once said that.

Of course, I got mad.
I really got mad.
Because I knew that without being told.
Because I myself was saved like that.

I don't even need to be told something as obvious as that.
But stillI believed that someone would be a superhero if they saved everyone even though they think like that.
It may be an idealistic thought or an impossible pipe dream, but a superhero is someone who tries to save everyone in spite of that.

You're right, Shirou.
The result is the most important thing. But with that aside, your heart trying to do so is

Oh yeah, Kiritsugu said something about the heart.
...I can't remember too well.
After all, it's rare for me to remember something from such a long time ago.
I must be in a deep sleep.
That must be true, as it's rare for me to dream at all.

Shirou, please wake up. It is almost time for breakfast.

See.
As proof, I am in the shameful situation of Saber having to wake me up

"What?"
I raise myself from the futon.
It's six thirty. Bright sunlight shines in from outside.
"It is morning, Shirou. Are you not going to be preparing breakfast?"
In front of me is Saber's discontented face.

"I slept in. I'll get up right away."
"...I do not think there is any need to apologize to me, but it is true that you do not have time to take it easy. It seems Sakura and Rin were arguing earlier."
"Sakura and Tohsaka arguing...?"

What's that about?
Hold on, don't get me cornered into an incomprehensible situation right when I get up.

"Is that in Tohsaka's room?"
"No, it is in the living room. I only passed by, so I do not know the details."
"All right. I'll hurry."

Oh.
I have something I need to do before that.
"...? What is it Shirou?"
"Good morning, Saber. Thanks for waking me up."
I greet her, then I really make my way to the hallway.
...But arguing with Sakura, what's Tohsaka doing!?

"Tohsaka!"
I run into the living room.
...There.
There's no sign of Sakura in the living room, and Tohsaka is watching the weather forecast by herself.

"Morning. You seem agitated, calling my name first thing in the morning."
She turns around as if asking me what's going on.

"...?"
That's weird. It doesn't seem like she's been arguing with Sakura....

"Yeah, morning. ...Hey, Tohsaka. I heard you were arguing with Sakura, is that true?"

"Huh? ...I see, you must have heard it from Saber.
Yes, you could say that looking at it objectively, but it wasn't really anything. I just told her not to come here for a while."

"!"
Is that something you can say easily!?
She means she made Sakura stop coming here, right!?

"That's ridiculous. Sakura refused before already. There's no way Sakura would agree, even if you asked her again"

"It might not be possible, but she went home once I offered her terms. I said I'd go back home if she doesn't come here for a week. That established a negotiation between us. She reluctantly went home. Oh yeah, she gave her best regards to you."

"Best regards... you"
She did something so selfish without telling me

...No, I'm wrong.
Tohsaka was just doing something I should have done already.

"I see. I'm sorry that I made you do something so troubling this early in the morning. You must be feeling bad, Tohsaka."
"...? No, it wasn't hard nor unpleasant. Why do you say that?"

"Well, you were friends with Sakura. So you probably didn't want to tell Sakura head on to get out of here.
That's why I'm apologizing. I should've been firm, but I caused you trouble again."

"T-That's fine. I just drove out Sakura for my own safety. There's no reason for you to apologize to me."
"...? Your safety?"

"Shinji is a Master, right?
Knowing him, he would be angry at you if he found out Sakura was at your house. So it's best not to have Sakura here until we settle things with Shinji."

"Oh"
...I see.
She's right now that she mentions it.
I don't think Shinji was lying when he said he wouldn't tell Sakura anything.
But having his sister Sakura here might give him the wrong idea.

"...Right. It looks like we were holding Sakura hostage against Shinji."

"Exactly. And that aside, it's true that this place is dangerous.
We can't let her walk around at night, so it's best to have her stay calm for a while. It's for Sakura's sake and our sake."

"...Yeah, you're right. I feel sorry for Sakura, but I'll apologize later and have her forgive me."
But I won't be able to tell her why even when that time comes.

"Man."
It's really getting to me.
It's depressing that I've rejected Sakura, who comes to help me all the time, like this.

"Oh, you're so dispirited. What happened to the power that made you scream at me? Is Emiya-kun so lonely without Sakura?"

Tohsaka makes an evil face.
...Crap. I knew she would make fun of me if I showed weakness, and now I've done it.

"...Leave me alone. Anyways, Sakura was a symbol of peace at my house. She supplied something that was missing with just Fuji-Nee and me. But I sent her away for my convenience, so yes, it's depressing."

"Oh, you do understand. You pass if you can say that. It seems you're getting more determined to win."
"...? W-What are you trying to say, Tohsaka?"

"Don't you get it? I'm saying that Sakura will return once the fight is over.
You say you don't need the Holy Grail, but you could fight to keep the peace you have now. See, it's good to have a clear goal."
Tohsaka says so with a big smile.


If she puts it like that, I can only agree.
...Geez, how should I say this?
Once again, I realize that this person is both infinitely ill-natured and really great.

"Whaaat? Then Sakura-chan won't be coming here for a while?"
"Yeah, so why don't you go back home and give your parents a treat? Your father was complaining that his daughter didn't care about him."

"I can leave my dad alone. He won't die even if I'm not there.
And I have to be firm if Sakura-chan isn't here. You're a boy, so if something happens, you'll get a disciplinary dismissal. Can you take responsibility in that case?"

"That won"
Unfortunately, man's nature does not let me declare that it "won't happen".

"...Emiya-kun? What was that pause?"
She glares.
Tohsaka's stare is painful.
"I don't think that's going to happen. This isn't a normal stay.
I know that."

"I see. Good, Emiya-kun is indeed trustworthy, Sensei."
"Of course. Shirou is so calm that it makes me think I've gone too far with my tastes."
Tohsaka smiles while Fuji-Nee puffs with pride.

"......"
Saber silently watches them while eating.
...This is only the second day, but I don't think I'll ever get used to this atmosphere.

"Oh yeah, Shirou. It's about the archery club, but did you know that Mitsuzuri-san got injured?"
"Mitsuzuri? What? Did she get in a fight with someone again? Geez, she's almost a third year, so she should calm down a little.
...So, how's the injury? Is it bad?"

"It's fine. It was a light sprain. It seems she was attacked by a molester on her way home.
She's fast, right? She ran away quickly, but injured herself when she fell over at the end."

"...I see. Thank God it was nothing serious. But a molester attacking her... he must be reckless or have discerning tastes.
Either way, he was a stupid molester. I thought..."
"You thought she knocked him out instead of running away, right?"
Fuji-Nee smiles.
Indeed, she knows Mitsuzuri Ayako well.

"Yeah. It's rare for her to run away.
But... I see, even Mitsuzuri is weak against molesters. I guess that's good. It's impossible to teach her femininity unless something like this happens."
Approving, I eat the well-cooked rice.

"Hey, Emiya-kun."
Then.
Tohsaka Rin pats my shoulder with a smile.

"Should I tell you something interesting too?"
"...? What? There isn't much that's more interesting than what I just heard."

"Yeah. I haven't mentioned it, but Ayako and I are good friends. Did you know we're friends who hang out together on weekends?"
Hold on.
Why... are she... and Ayako... good friends?

"Huh?"
"Don't worry, I will tell her the exact words of this conversation. If I tell her you're happy, I bet she'll be so happy that she'll break about ten roof tiles."

"I would like to correct myself. I just used the wrong words. It's not something to tell other people about, so it would really help me out if you kept quiet about it."

"Is that so? I can keep it a secret, but it might be hard unless there are some conditions on that. You see, it could just slip out, you know?"
"...Hey now. It's not good to smile when you're saying something modest."

"Oh, I'm sorry. It's not like I'm having fun, so don't misunderstand."
Oh no, I understand.
You really are having fun.

"...I get it. I'll make the breakfasts Western-style from now on.
...I now feel like accepting your request that breakfast should be toast."

"Good. I'll be happy if you remember to use strawberry jam and not just marmalade."
"...Sigh. What do you think a Japanese morning is? You're a tyrant, changing breakfast to suit your own selfish tastes."

"No, that is incorrect. I too am happy for breakfast to be bread. It would be perfect if soft-boiled eggs are prepared as well."
...And Saber adds her opinion.

"Fine. All right, I'll make Western-style breakfast, okay? You guys are on a roll just because Sakura makes Western-style food.
I'll start making Western-style breakfasts starting tomorrow, so you guys will have no complaints, right? And that conversation's a secret. Don't tell Mitsuzuri about it."

I look away from the two with a humph and start eating.
...And then.
"Why are you doing something so pointless?"
Fuji-Nee, who has watched our conversation with wonder, murmurs.

"...What? What do you mean pointless, Fuji-Nee?"
"Cause I'll tell Mitsuzuri-san even if Tohsaka-san doesn't. I can't keep quiet about something like that."
Fuji-Nee eats after nodding that it's a problem.
"......"
...No.
I have to come up with some countermeasure real soon or I'll really lose my position....

Breakfast ends and it's now seven-thirty.
It's rare, but Fuji-Nee is still at the house and suggests with a smile that we should go to school together.


...But I can't do that.
The decision last night.
As long as I said I would fight without relying on Saber, I can't be so easygoing.
If I have to put any extra time into fighting, I don't have time for school.

"Then let's go. Is the house locked up, Shirou?"
"No, that's fine. I'm going to skip school today."
I raise my hand in goodbye and see Tohsaka and Fuji-Nee off.

Fuji-Nee freezes for a few seconds and...
"Hey, what do you mean you're skipping school!?"
"Huh, what?"
It seems Tohsaka said something Fuji-Nee wanted to say.

"T-That's right, Shirou. There's nothing wrong with you to make you skip school, right?"
"No, my wound hurts. Old wounds hurt when the temperature goes down, right? It's kind of like that."

"Hm... That's a lie, right Shirou?"
"It's a lie, but let me go with it. It's not that I don't want to go to school. I have something I have to do, and it's just that it's more important right now. So please let me go."

"...Geez. I lose if you have to put it like that. You're always like this when you can't tell me about things. You were like that as a child."
It seems Fuji-Nee understands, even though she's complaining.

"So that's that. I'll leave the school to you. Is that okay, Tohsaka?"
"...I see. Well, it doesn't matter for me if Emiya-kun comes or not. This isn't a bad choice."

"Yeah, leave the house to me. I'll skip work for a while too, so I won't leave the house much."
"...All right, Then I'll be off, Shirou. You're absent from school because of an injury, so don't leave the house much."
"See you. ...It's fine this time, but ask me about things like this beforehand next time."
Dinner ends.
I think it was a normal dinner table for everyone except me.
As for me, I couldn't even sense the taste with the scene in the dressing room flickering in my mind.

"...It's cold."
I opened the window by the porch and I was cooling my head off, but I'm done with that.
I'll catch a cold if I keep doing this.

"Shirou, you were here."
"S-Saber...!? W-What? Is there some business?"
"I believe you have one and not me. I thought you were to learn magic from Rin at night."

"Oh."
I hit my head.
"I totally forgot. Thanks, I'll go right away!"

I run into the outbuilding and go to the second floor.
I knock on the door of the guest room that Tohsaka occupies.
"Shirou? It's fine. I don't have my hands free at the moment, so just come on in."
Tohsaka's voice comes back, somehow without composure.

As soon as I enter the room, I see Tohsaka doing something weird.
Tohsaka has something like a jewel in her hand, a syringe in the other hand, and a handkerchief in her mouth.

"Can I ask, Tohsaka?"
"Folf on. I'll fe fone fife fofei's fife fith."

Saying that, Tohsaka puts the needle into her arm.
...She draws blood out of herself.
And taking the blood, she drips it one drop at a time onto the jewel, and grasps the bloody jewel.

Something like dizziness passes by.
I am barely able to tell that it's the light of magical energy, but

"...Sigh. Only three tenths after this much. I guess I'll have to do with the nine I have."
Tohsaka slumps her shoulders and puts the stone back into some kind of a jewelry box.

"Tohsaka, I'm here for your lesson, as promised."
But first, I'm curious about what she was doing.

"Yeah, I was waiting. You were training your body with Saber during the day, right? Then you should train what's inside during the night."

Tohsaka seems happy as she's more than ready to teach.
...Hmm. Saber said she wasn't any good at teaching, but I bet this one's the complete opposite.
No, putting that aside...

"Well, what should we start with? I think you were saying you can only use the strengthening magic"
"Actually, could I ask you something before that? I'm curious.
What were you just doing? It's dangerous to use needles on yourself."

"Oh, that? I was just making magic bullets. The magics of my family are flow and conversion of power. So when I have enough to spare, I transfer my magical energy somewhere else."
Tohsaka concludes the conversation, leaving me way behind.

"Hold on. What do you mean by magic bullet and transferring magical energy?"

"Magic bullets are magic bullets. It's a bullet filled with magical energy.
Haven't you ever heard that people's thoughts tend to go into jewels? In practice, jewels are easy targets to transfer magical energy into, but it seems my family is even more compatible with it than most."

"Transferring magical energy... well, for example, you have excess strength left over if you do nothing for the whole day, right? I'm storing that excess power in the jewels.
You keep on doing this for days, months, and years, and that turns the jewels themselves into 'magic'."

"But then, the jewels have limited capacities and I cannot control magical energy outside me.
The magical energy inside the jewels is just an ignition to instantly activate a large-scale magic."

"...? Um, so you're putting your magical energy into the jewels as a backup?"
"Backup...? Hmm, close but not quite. I'm just filling up a single-use disposable backpack."

"So you mean you're temporarily expanding the hard disk... that's amazing. So you should be able to use as much magic as you want."

"Hard disk...? I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not that useful. The magical energy I put into the jewel is dyed in that jewel's attribute, so its uses become limited."

"...I see. But I'm surprised. I didn't know you could save up magical energy like that.
Why don't other magi do something so useful?"
Well, saying that, the only other magus I know is Kiritsugu.

"The ability to store magical energy in something outside yourself is unique.
Even your strengthening is putting magical energy into something, right? Normally, whatever you put magical energy into changes in some way and uses up that magical energy. The effect of magic is instantaneous and not permanent, right?"

"So my family does it in a way that isn't instantaneous, and we cleverly put magical energy into the jewel so that it's permanent, but... other magi can do the same thing with their bodies.
That's the Magic Crestthe magic backup that all magi have."

"Magic Crest... oh, you mean the secret that a parent hands down to their child. I don't understand too well since I don't have one."

"Wait. What did you just say?"
"Huh...? Well, I said I don't have this Magic Crest thing. I think Father had one, but he never gave it to me."


Tohsaka gasps, and then nods to herself.

"No wonder you're an amateur. ...So you're really doing things from the very beginning... yeah, then I guess it can't be helped," she murmurs to herself.

"...Tohsaka. Haven't you realized that I don't have a Magic Crest?"

"No way. I wouldn't have let you go out by yourself if I'd known. Well, it's true that I thought you were unskilled, but if you don't have a Magic Crest, you're not even a magus."

She gives me a complaining look with a "hmph".
But what is it?
Her words have a warmness that sounds like relief, and it sounds as if she's envious that I'm not a magus.

"Oh well. In that case, I'll explain things to you from the very beginning. Understanding the Magic Crest means understanding magi.
All right, you sit there. It's an important lesson, so listen up."

"Here's fine? ...All right, go ahead."
I look into Tohsaka's eyes with determination.
She must appreciate my seriousness, as she nods in satisfaction.

"Then I'll start off with something simple.
You know that magical energy is what you need to use magic, right? You can actually refer to anything that can activate magic as 'magical energy'.
There's an infinite variety of magical energy.
There are some that perform magic using their force of will, and there are some that that use magic by paying a price other than themselves.
You know this much, right?"

"Yeah. You mean the 'mana' (large source) and the 'odo' (small source), right? The large source is the magical energy in the world that fills nature. The small source is the magical energy that people can create themselves."
"That's right, well done. Then, let's start with magic that uses the large source.

"Okay. Magi that lack an accumulated lineage of magi... like you, Shirou... use something that already has form to make magical energy.
This is a method established as a process in ancient times, using offerings and rituals to make contact with the divine mystery.

"They prepare a price to pay since their powers are not sufficient. This is called the formal craft.
This way, magic can be activated even if the caster's magical energy is sparse. This is because the magical energy used comes not from the caster but from somewhere else, so the caster only needs to perform the ritual."

"...But, well, you can't do it if you don't have the knowledge. It's impossible for you right now, and anyway, such a bloody method doesn't suit you."

"...Right. I also don't want to sacrifice a chicken or spend the whole evening praying in a magic circle."

"Right?
Then putting that aside, next is the small source. So in other words, magic that is cast using the magi's own power.
I don't think I need to explain, but this is the basic use of magic for someone like you and me.
Your 'strengthening' is a magic that relies on your own Magic Circuit, not on borrowing anyone else's power, right?"

I nod.
It seems the conversation is going into the main point.

"Well, the function that creates magical energy for youthe 'Magic Circuit' is a hereditary constitution that is passed down the ancestral lineage of magi.
The Magic Circuit is trained over many generations, and passed on to the descendants, becoming more powerful.
The child of a magi lineage is already fit to use magic just because of that. It's not fair, but it means we're different from the start."

"I know that. I don't care, so you can continue on."
"I don't really care either, but....
Oh well. Anyways, other than this Magic Circuit, there is also a secret magic that the family trains over the generations."

"It's kind of like that jewel earlier. Once one masters a magic, a magus can 'put their hands on' that magic.
Do you know the feeling of 'putting your hands on' a magic that is naturally just formulas and has no shape?"

"I don't know, but I assume it's like it's part of your body if you can put your hands on it."

"Exactly.
The magic that goes beyond the level of formulas and becomes part of yourself can be left in a form.
It is a great deed that establishes an unstable magic, and at the same time, it is proof that the magus existed."

"And the magus, on the verge of death, hands down this great accomplishment in a crest. Like saying 'I give you this to reach the realms I could not reach, perhaps this crest I will give you might offer some help'.
...Well, the one handing it down and the one receiving both know the crest is of no help, though."

"...? What? It's such a great crest, and yet it's useless?"

"It is useful! If you're a normal magus, it's so useful that that one crest will provide you ease and comfort!
...But, well, it's like inheriting a car. No matter how fast you can travel on the ground, you can never reach the moon."
"...?"

"It doesn't matter, so let's get back to the topic at hand.
I think you already know by now, but this crest is the Magic Crest."

"The head of the family puts the magic he devoted his life to into that crest and passes it on, and the descendant completes another magic increasing the crest, and passes it on again.
It grows more complex like that, and a deep history is engraved into it. That's the Magic Cresta chain that the magus cannot free themselves from."

"...So... everything about that family is recorded in the Magic Crest?"

"Oh, that's wrong. The record of the family is naturally left on paper. Only magic is in the Magic Crest.
It can cast spells automatically and allow you to use magics that you have not acquired yet.
To put it simply, it's like carving a magic circle onto your body."

"...Hm. Then doesn't that mean you can carve the crest on anyone? You can draw a magic circle as many times as you want if you know the shape of it."

"That's not the way it works.
The Magic Crest is like a living thing. It's almost like transplanting organs.
There's usually only one of an organ, so you can't give it away to numerous people or make copies of it.
There's no point in dividing the heart into two, right? Even if you separate it, it just stops functioning."

"Oh... hm. I see, you're right. Then you had that crest transplanted into you too?"

"...I guess the term transplant was a bad example. Actually, it's no different from a tattoo.
In my case, it's on my left arm from my shoulder to my hand. But the Magic Crest won't show up unless I use it, so there's no need to hide it unlike the Command Spell."

"...So, well, that's why a family of magi is succeeded by only one descendant.
If the family happens to produce brothers or sisters, it is common for the rest of them to live normally without learning about magic. Since you can't give them the Magic Crest, there's not much point even if they succeed as a magus."

"Yeah, Shinji was saying that too. ...I see, so that's why they didn't teach Sakura."

"Yes. ...But the inheritance of the crest itself stopped a few generations ago in the Matou family. So I assume Shinji was only taught knowledge of magic.
...Really, that type are the most troubling. They can't feel magic, but they still try to use it."
Cursing in a disappointed manner, Tohsaka takes a deep breath.

"Well, I was supposed to teach you magic, but the plan's changed. I'll have to come up with a different plan if you don't have a Magic Crest.
...Yeah, let's call it quits for tonight. I'll prepare some things for tomorrow, so please wait until then."

"...? I can only agree, but... what do you mean by preparing some things?"

"Just some things. If you don't have a crest, you can't switch, right? We're going to tamper inside your body, so we need drugs and medical tools and things."


Whoa. I really felt a chill there.

"What? I'll stop if you don't want to. But in that case, there'll be nothing I can teach you."
"Uh... no, I don't want to, but please. You're probably correct."

...Well, I don't know what she meant by the word switch, but I think the fact that I can't do so is related to the fact that I always fail when trying to turn myself into a Magic Circuit.

"Then tomorrow's plan's decided.
...Oh yeah, are you going to be training with Saber again tomorrow?"

"...? Yeah. I'm also worried about the boundary field at school, but there's still time until it's activated. I want to be able to fight at least a bit by then."

"Well, that's fine. But it seems you aren't getting along with Saber too well in spite of that."
"Ugh... that's, uh..."

"You guys were talking normally before dinner, but you've been silent since dinnertime.
I'm asking to make sure, but everything's all right between you two, right? If you guys disagree during a battle, I'm going to suffer as well."

...Ugh.
It's just that there was a small thing before dinner, and it's just a bit awkward.
That's all... but are things really all right between me and Saber?
Well, I think I know a bit about Saber, having trained with her all today.

I can trust Saber as an ally.
That's absolute.
But if you ask me how I think of her beyond that, I can't readily answer.
First of all, I...
All my proper emotions were stolen away at that instant.

"...That's a difficult question. How about you, Tohsaka? Do you like Saber?"

"I like her. There's no reason not to like her.
She's strong, well-mannered, and beautiful. She's so different from my cynical guy."
"I see, so you like Saber."

"! What? I just said she's the kind of person I like. Y-You should stop saying things so directly. You'll make more enemies that way."

"I refuse. I hate being indirect like you, and I'm a poor talker by nature."

"...I assumed so. You don't seem like the kind to be sarcastic or cynical. Yeah, I bet you think of me as a loud annoying person, right?"

"...? Why? I like the way you say things. It wouldn't seem like you if you weren't like that."
"!"
Oh.
Tohsaka looks away from me unpleasantly. I might have angered her.

"......"
Well, beyond that, I'm a bit happy right now since Tohsaka said she likes Saber.
"Well, I should at least wash the floor."
I already told Saber to come here in a little while.
I always do the minimum cleaning necessary, but it's been a few years since I last had a contest with someone.
It'd be impolite to the dojo and Saber if I don't at least clean the floor.

"...But man. I wonder what she'll make me do."

I've fought Kiritsugu a few times with shinais, but neither of us considered form and it was more like amateurs beating each other up.
I never intended to take kendo seriously, and I was only taught what to do if an opponent had a long weapon.

"...Anyways, I wasn't good at using things to fight. I'm only interested in making and fixing."

In that regard, this is the first time I will be seriously studying swordsmanship.
It seems Saber's style is different from kendo, but it should have some similarities and it shouldn't be so confusing that I can't follow it.

I hear the door.
Saber must have arrived on time.
That's good, as I just finished cleaning too.

"Sorry to keep you waiting. I'll be learning here starting today"
"...? What is it, Shirou? You look like you're surprised at something."

"Ohwell, I'm surprised because you're still in those clothes. I thought you'd be in the other outfit."
We're training with swords and my image of Saber fighting is in that armor, so I selfishly imagined that.

"I see. If you wish for me to be armed, I can be. ...You are correct, I was not thinking.
Even though it is only a match, it is impolite to Shirou not to wear my armor. I am sorry, I will change right away."

It seems Saber has come up with a solution on her own too.
"Ohno, that's not it. It's fine, it was just a misunderstanding. If you ask me, I prefer this outfit to the armor."

"Huh...? But this appearance does not satisfy you, right?"
"Satisfy... well, it certainly doesn't look like we're going to be having a match now, but it shouldn't be a problem if that's easy to move in. You'd get tired too if you wear that armor."

"That is true, butis it not strange for me to use a sword with this appearance?"
"Why? It looks good on you, so there's nothing strange about it.
I think you look better in that than the armor."

"...? I fail to understand. These clothes are certainly light, but they would not be able to withstand a fight. I believe this outfit is unsuitable for a Saber."
"Don't fight in that outfit, stupid. You're a girl. And those clothes suit girls, so it's fine."

Well.
I put the rag I was using into the bucket and take two shinais down from the wall.

"Well. So what kind of training should we be doing? I'll let you decide, so you can give me anything."
I toss a shinai to Saber.

Saber catches the shinai as if she's distracted, and looks at me.

"...? What? We can't use shinai?
D-Don't tell me to use solid wood swordsno, real swords!"
What a Spartan! That's well beyond what I expected.

"Ahno, there's no need for that. Since these are excellent imitation swords for matches, let us use them."
Saber takes a deep breath quietly.
And she's back to her usual self.

"Thank God. It's too dangerous to fight with solid wood swords.
...So, what should I do? Will we start with strength building exercises like swinging the sword five hundred times or running?"

"I do not think there is any need for that. Even from what I've seen, your strength is up to standards. If you wish to train your body even more, that would not be possible in a day or two.

"You are unskilled as a magus, but I do not think you are that bad as a warrior. You must have trained hard from a young age."
"Uhwell, it was the only thing I was good at. You can train your body even if you don't have talent as a magus."

"That must be good fortune. The result of your effort was not dying when Lancer attacked you."

"But it is not something that you can rely on.
Humans have limits. Your body is a long way from those limits and it would be difficult to overcome them anyway.
So the only thing I will be teaching you is fighting."

"...? What do you mean 'just fighting'? From the way you said it, it doesn't sound like you'll be teaching me how to fight."

"Of course not. Battle techniques cannot be acquired overnight. The only thing I can do is have my Master experience as many battles as possible.
In the first place, I am not good at teaching, so it would only be troubling if you asked for my guidance."

"Uh, hello?"
When she says that so proudly, as a student, I don't know how to reply.

"...Um, so. In short, we're just going to fight?"
"Yes. That is it, Master.
No stopping our hits, and let us fight as if trying to kill each other.
...Let me see... I believe you will understand what it is like in about an hour."

Saber lightly grips the shinai, ready to start.
"...?"
Still not understanding, I follow Saber's example and grab the shinai.
As soon as I do so.
The world turns upside down.

In short, Saber is only trying to teach me one thing.
The truth, that no matter what I do,no matter what scheme I come up with,I cannot ever beat someone I have no chance against.

"AHaa, haa, haa... owouch, ouch, this is broken, I'm sure...!"

"It would be more swollen if it were broken. It is a bad bruise, but it should heal quickly for you."
"...Uh, I see. All right, then let's continue a bit more."

"Eh... are we going to continue, Shirou?
It is indeed only a bruise, but it is not something you can move immediately."

"What are you saying when you're the one beating my arm mercilessly?
All right, if you're not up to it, I'll take this"
Opening!
...It doesn't work, of course.

"Please listen to me. You are definitely fatigued. Training will be useless in such a state, so we should take a rest."

"But... it's shameful to be beaten so badly when you're going easy on me.
I have to at least make you raise a brow or something, or I'll be too vexed to collapse."

"If you ask for surprise, I am already more than surprised. I thought you were stubborn, but I did not believe that it was to this extent."
"Sorry. I just hate losing."

"Yes, I understand well enough now. Anyways, we will take a break, so please put down your shinai.
The floor is slippery with sweat. We are not imitating a fight in an extreme situation. And it is meaningless to fight in such a fatigued condition."

"...Why? Battle practice usually assumes the worst situation, right? Then..."

"That is even more meaningless.
Listen, Shirou. If you say you are going to fight a Servant, it will be meaningless unless you have full power, the best ground, and an escape route prepared.
You cannot even be a match to a Servant unless everything is perfect. You have already made a mistake when you decide to fight a Servant in a poor condition."

"...Ugh. So you mean never fight in this kind of a situation no matter what?"
"That is correct. If that happens, no miracle will be able to save you, Shirou.
Your battle starts with perfecting your condition and finding the perfect situation."

"...I understand. Then I'm sorry, but let me take a rest."
I lean against the wall and slide down.

"Phew"
I let out the air collected in my lungs.
It should be air, but it's burning hot.

"...Ow."
While my body is burning with pain, I glance at the clock.
It's past eleven.
We started around nine, so that means we've been doing this for about two hours.

The first hour was just me getting beat up.
Saber's blows would suddenly strike me and I'd faint slightly.
I'd wake up, and just when I thought I'd be careful next time, I'd be knocked out again.
Anyways, I was beaten up repeatedly. It may be because my body got used to it or my power came out from anger, but I can now manage to block the first blow.

And the problem was after that.
Well, after being shown such a skill difference, can a human readily attack back?

"...You demon."
The answer is, I get knocked out the instant I shrink back.
After that it is like a mouse cornered by a cat.

If I am to be knocked out no matter how I block a blow, all I can do is get desperate and attack.
But of course, it's easily deflected and I'm knocked out. But when I get used to that as well...
"Oh dammit."
I start to gain the composure to think something like that, and the instincts that let me understand I'll be dead the next second become keener.
People usually call this being in the zone.

So then, I frantically went into defense.
The instincts that tell me "I'll be knocked out if that blow hits" come at me in numbers. So as a living being, it's only natural for me to avoid it.

I would manage to elude Saber's barrage of attacks, but I would take a fatal blow while I'm waiting for an opening to counter.
And I'd stand up and think that I can manage longer this time. From time to time, I would attack thinking it'd be best to attack if I'm doomed anyway.

The two hours were just spent repeating that process over and over.
...I don't know if I can get any stronger doing this.
I think this is just a match to help me get used to fighting.

So that I won't panic or get too relaxed in front of my enemy.
I'm just teaching my body that it is always one mistake away from death.

But stillif you ask me if this is meaningless, it is not.
As I have no weapons, I believe this tension is the thing I have to value the most.

"Well done. Are you hurt anywhere, Shirou?"

Before I realize it, Saber is right beside me.
I'm so sweaty that I'm dripping onto the floor, but Saber is not even sweating.

"It's harder to find a part that's not hurting.
...You were really merciless, Saber. If things are this one-sided, it's actually more refreshing."
I'll be honest here. 100 percent of this is me being a poor loser.

"Yes. I adjusted to your level, but tried to show you no mercy. It would not be a battle if I allowed myself the luxury of consideration."

"Right. Thanks to that, I can now calmly deal with an unchained Doberman.
...Though, it's not good enough if it's just a Doberman. I guess I still need more training."

I review my actions.
I thought I trained my body to be above average, but it's pitiful for me to give up after only two hours of fighting with Saber.

"No, that is not true. Your attacks were made with all your heart and they were powerful. Sometimes, I forgot to deal with them because you were so enthusiastic."
She's admiring needless things with gentle eyes.

"!"
My embarrassment suddenly returns.
Until now, we were just people fighting without any notion of boy or girl, butisn't this kind of a surprise attack?

"Hold on. I'm going to go get some water."
"Water? Then I will go get some for you, so please rest here."
Saber goes to get me some water.

"Phew, I'm saved."
...So.
Just what am I saved from...?

I drink the water Saber has brought me.
It must still be rest time as Saber is sitting in a polite Japanese-style.

...I think Saber is really beautiful like that.
I'm not thinking she's beautiful from a man's perspective, but I feel she is beautiful in everyone's eyes.

She has melted into the dignified atmosphere of the dojo, and has a quietness free of any conflicts.
There is an incongruity when such a girl is a Servant and showing such willingness to fight.


Right now, only Saber and I are here.
This is a good time to ask her something, so

1) Her reason for fighting. I want to know why she seeks the Holy Grail.
2) I want to know about Saber before she became a Servant.
3) I want a secret attack. A super move would be great.
The day ends.
I feel uneasy with Saber sleeping next to me, so I escape to the shed once again.

"......"
I stop walking and stare at the winter sky.
It's not that it's exceptionally beautiful.
It just calms me when I blankly feel the coldness of the winter.

I don't know how long I did so.
But I feel like I hear footsteps from within the darkness.
"Who is it?"
There's no reply.
But the footsteps come closer along with a sharp presence.

"...!"
I lower my waist and prepare so that I can jump back anytime.
"Hey. I'm asking, who is it?"
...There's no reply.
The cause of the footsteps appears in front of me without stopping.


He says nothing but glances at me.
"You're"
He's the Servant that was fighting Lancer that night at school.
The red-armored knight that Saber beat after she jumped over the wall

"You're Tohsaka's Servant, Archer...?"
The man raises the sides of his mouth a bit.
He smiledso, can I take that as affirmation?


...Something annoys me.
I feel irritated for no reason, or I should say, I can't get myself to like this guy.
I've never talked with him nor has he attacked me.
But still, I understand the moment I see him face on.

I cannot approve of him.
There's no reason for it, but I just can't like him.
It's just not me. It should be the same for Archer.
There can't be three people in this world who match me so badly.
He's someone like that to me, so it'll be no surprise if he considers me irritating as well.

"...What? Weren't you going to confine yourself to keeping watch until your injury healed?"
"Of course, I intend to do so. I will end this ridiculous cooperation once my wound heals. That is why I have remained as a spectator, believing that I have nothing to tell you."
"Oh, don't hold back and stay as a spectator. I don't have anything to talk to you about either."

"As much as I'd like to do so, there's something I cannot overlook.
It seems you are not letting Saber fight."
"What's wrong with that?"
I automatically answer him back.


With clear enmity, Archer glares at me.

"...As I thought. It is indeed something a kid like you would think.
There's no need for help from others. I can do everything myself.
And on top of that, there can't be any victims, huh? I'm disgusted with that attitude of yours."

"What...!? You have no reason to tell me that!
I'm just going to do what I believe is right. You have no reason to complain...!"

"I have a reason. As a Servant just like her, I can understand Saber's troubles. Saber must bear a large burden with a Master like you."

"...!"
Partly because what he said is true.
But even more than that, I cannot stand having this guy say it.

"Don't kid me...! I'm not a burden to Saber! I'm going to fight in her place, so that should be fine!"

"Heh, are you saying she won't get hurt if she doesn't fight? Servants are beings that only exist to fight. It is an insult to deny fighting to such a beingbut telling you that won't do any good."
After saying what he wants, Archer closes his mouth.

For a few minutes, Archer and I confront each other silently.

I gulp.
His cold stare seems to be looking inside me.

And suddenly.
"So. How shall it be, Saber's Master?"
The red knight calmly requests an answer.

"What do you mean?"
"Do you really intend to finish this war without fighting? Not fighting anyone, not killing anyone, and not letting anyone be killed?"
"...I didn't say I won't fight. I'll fight when the time comes."

"I see. So you won't kill anyone even if you fight?"
"That's right. You have a problem with that?"
"I won't interfere with your overly optimistic thinking. I don't have the time, and I am not that crazy."
Archer turns his back.

"But do not misunderstand. The superhero you are being is no more than a cleaner. Know that the only people you can save like that are the ones that survive."

...I wonder why.
Those words make me feel like I've been beaten all over.

"...Hold on. What do you mean by a superhero being just a cleaner?"

"...You should have realized it already too.
Look, your methods will not allow you to reverse a sad event or a miserable death.
Those are the limits.
A superhero is only someone that tidies up events that have already taken place. You will definitely not be able to save the people you want to save the most."


That's not... true.
The hand reaching out to save someone must be able to save that person

"An ideal is only an ideal after all. As long as you embrace that ideal, the friction with reality will continue to increase. The path that you are about to take is of that sort.
So you will someday face reality and will have to pay the price for your compromises. That choice of yours might end up taking the lives of many people."

"Wha"
"Be at least prepared. When you realize how small you are, decide what you will make right and whom you will punish.
If you cannot do so, then throw away those dreams and magics of yours right now."
His back disappears into the night.

"Understand? No matter what anyone does, people that cannot be saved will always exist. All you can save with your ideal is the ideal itself. That is all humans can do.
But still"

"Hey wait! What are you trying to say...!?"
My question vanishes into the darkness.
Archer's presence is already gone, and my voice only reaches empty air.

"...What's with him? He disappears after mouthing off like that."
To summarize, he was telling me my way of thinking is too optimistic and that I'll soon have a painful experience.
How can anyone conclude that I'm wrong before I even try?

"I'm ready. If I'm wrong, I'll just pay with my life."
That must be the readiness as a magus.
I know that without having Archer tell me.

"Heh. I really can't get along with him."
...But.
But still, I have one concern.

No matter what anyone does, there will always be people that cannot be saved.
Humans can only do so little.
But still

"...But still. Can I follow that ideal without turning back even once?"
I mutter to myself.
I feel like that's what he wanted to ask me before he stopped himself.
...Why does she desire battle so much?
I might be able to understand Saber's mindset if I can find out why she seeks the Holy Grail, the reward of the Holy Grail War.
But, is that really something I can ask her?

"...Saber. Can I ask you a question?"
"Yes. What is it, Shirou?"

"Um, it's something I forgot to ask.
You're lending me your power because you also want the Holy Grail, right?
Sowhat do you want from the Holy Grail?"

"The reason I seek the Holy Grail? Can it not be because I desire it? The Holy Grail is an almighty vessel. There is no wish that cannot be granted if one possesses it. One needs no reason to seek such a thing."

"No. That's not what I'm asking.
Saber, you're trying not to answer my question, right?"
"OhShirou, that's..."

"I don't want to know the reason you seek it. I want to know what the wish you want granted is.
...But if you don't want to say, that's fine. My wishes aren't things I can talk about either."

Saber closes her mouth awkwardly.

...Well, it's only natural.
Saber didn't form the contract to help me personally.
Since the only ones who can obtain the Holy Grail are the Masters, she is only helping me to take share in the reward.

That is why she must be hesitating to tell her wish, and most of allI myself don't want to hear Saber describe a selfish wish.
...So I shouldn't have asked.
After all, it's rude for a person without a clear wish to ask other people's wishes.

"Shirou. Is that a command as a Master?"
Suddenly.
Saber asks the question with a serious expression.

"Eh... no, it's not. I didn't intend that.
I was just curious about you. Sorry for asking you about it."

"...No. As a Servant, I certainly must tell my Master my wish.
Shirou, I seek the Holy Grail to fulfill an obligation. I want the power of the Holy Grail to accomplish a duty I could not accomplish during my lifetime."
Directly.
With honest eyes, she says so.

"...Accomplish a duty...? During your lifetime... you mean, before you became a Servant...?"
"...Yes. But I do not know my true intentions myself.
Perhaps I only desire to redo things again."
Saber looks down quietly.
For a moment.
She looks like a repentant lost child.

"I-I see. Anyways, I'm relieved.
I was worried what I should do if you said something like Tohsaka, like your dream is to take over the world."

"...Fufu. Rin would be mad if she heard that. She is not someone who would say such a thing. She would use the Holy Grail purely for her own benefit, but it would not be something that would bring chaos to the world."

"Really? I think we should never let her have the Holy Grail for a completely different reason."
I nod to myself.
Saber is watching me with a gentle expression.

That's the end of the conversation.
It was a subject I should have kept away from.
The atmosphere is softened by talk of Tohsaka, so let's end this conversation right here.


But a small pain remains in my chest.
Even though I'm relieved that Saber's wish isn't a vulgar one, I think there's something wrong with that wish of hers.
...Before she became a Servant.
I wonder what Saber was like when she was alive as a human.

Saber is so beautiful, and I bet everyone liked her.
Though one might misunderstand from the name Saber, she might have been a normal girl who didn't even use a sword.

"...Yeah. I wonder what Saber was like before."
I get curious, and I accidentally speak my mind.

"Yes? Did you say something, Shirou?"
"Huh? No, I was just imagining what you were like before. I don't want to know your true name, but I was wondering what kind of a life you led."

"What kind of a person I was like...?
You are interested in strange matters, Shirou."

"Ignore it if it's a problem. It just popped in my head.
You're the Servant Saber, but I thought you might have been different before you became a Servant."

Yes.
I think that she might have led a calm life suitable for a lovely girl.

"I do not think that is possible.
People do not change their personality when they become a Servant, and I was a knight who was given a sword at birth. Any different self that you talk of never existed."

"Whoa, so you always had such a tense personality?
...That's terrible. I sympathize with the people who were around you."

"...What do you mean by that?
I am strict, but I do not coerce the people around me."

"Don't lie. I know from today's training that you're pitiless and have no mercy.
Look at this welt. You're happy to come pounding on me when I make a mistake, you devilish instructor."

"I-I was not happy about it!
I-I feel sorry for Shirou, but it would not be training if I was not strict!"


...How unusual.
It's really surprising for Saber to make that kind of an expression.

"W-What is with that expression? I think it is unfair to suddenly go silent."

"OhI wasn't expecting you to get angry like that, so I was surprised."

"Ehi-is that so? I only emphasized what I was thinking."
"That might be why. You don't talk much with your emotions. So that was new."

"I-Is that so? I believe I act based on my beliefs."
"I'm saying that it's your thinking, not your feeling.
No, not that. It's that you don't say what you really feel."

"That is only natural. What is demanded from me is not an opinion as an individual but an opinion from my position. That does not change even now.
I will protect you as the Servant Saber.
I should not say anything that does not relate to that purpose,[l]
and there is no need to even think about such things."

"That may be true, but that'll be boring for you, Saber.
You have a role, but I don't think you need to devote yourself to it. You have things you want to do too."

"As I said, protecting you is what I must do. In addition to being inexperienced as a Master, you do not listen to me and try to fight. That is why I am training you right now!"

"No, that's not it, but... well, I guess it's fine if you say so."
It seems Saber is softer and cheerful right now, so I don't want to ruin this calm mood by continuing this conversation.
...Um, it's not that I'm giving up my training, but...
It just might be that I'll be more into the fight with Saber if I have some special move that lets me do something just because I know it.

"Saber, I want to ask you something."
"What is it, Shirou...? I get the feeling that you are looking at me with a lot of expectation."

"Really? Well, if you put it like that, it is a request and I do have expectations. To be frank, I want you to teach me something."

"...Okay. Um, I do not quite understand what you are trying to say, but I will instruct you in anything that I am able to."

Saber must think it's a serious conversation as she adjusts herself and sits Japanese-style in front of me.

"So, what is it that you would like to know? Is it about the Servants?"
Saber looks at me seriously.

"Hm."
I feel like I already know what'll happen, but let's not expect anything and just ask her.

"Um. I'm not joking around or anything, so I want you to listen to me without getting mad."

"Yes, that is why I am listening seriously. Please ask me without reserve."

"Then, I'll accept that and ask you.
Um, well. If there is one, can you teach me an easy special move that'll let me beat a Servant? Ideally something that'll even let me beat you."


Saber stops breathing.


Saber does not move even an eyebrow.

"I-I guess there isn't anything that convenient, huh...!?
I'm sorry, I'm really sorry...! It was just a joke, so don't take it seriously and just pretend you didn't hear it! That'll really help me... out...."

Uh.
Saber-san is making an evil smile.

"S-Saber...? It may just be me, but you have a really unsuitable evil smile on your face."

"It is not just you. Right now, my mind is as wicked as Rin's is."

"...!!!!"
I feel a chill, I feel a chill...!

"Uh, wa, uh."
"Why are you panicking, Shirou? I have not answered your question yet. If I did not mishear you, I believe you desire a special move that will beat a Servant in one blow?"

I retreat, but Saber advances and doesn't let me escape.

"Ahum, well... Saber, you're mad, right?"
"Yes, very."

I'm dead.
If this were a real battle, she would have certainly killed me by now.

"Calm down, let's calm down Saber.
I've contemplated my actions. I think I know why you're mad too."
"I see. Then please sit there in a Japanese style. I cannot calm down unless I explain things to you."

Saber stands up.
I quickly straighten my back and prepare myself.


Saber takes a deep breath.
Then.

"Are you kidding me...!? What are you thinking of, asking for a cheat like a special move to beat an opponent in one blow!?!!!"

"Ahuh."
My ear canals are panicking.
I never thought I'd collapse just from an angry voice.
That was beyond human abilities.
Does she have a voice as powerful as a beast or a lion?

"S-Sorry... so I'm saying I'm contemplating my actions.
You're stronger than me, Saber. So I thought you might know a move that even an unskilled guy could use."

"There is nothing convenient like that!
A surprise move is something you use against someone of equal level, and a beginner like you should work thoroughly on your foundations!"

"First of all, I already told you not to think about defeating your opponent! Please think first about your protection! If there is a special move for you, it would be enough judgment to stop yourself from getting into a situation that requires you to fight!"

"Uh... I understand. I understand, solower your voice a little."
I put my hands together to show I'm sorry.

"...Geez, I had some expectations of you, but you are so unstable. If you are like this, it is too dangerous for me to leave you alone."
Saber's scolding continues.

"...Sigh."
It was my fault for stepping on the lion's tail.
I'll stay quiet and take Saber's scolding until she's satisfied.
...Well.
Talking has cooled me down, so let's continue with the training.
I'm skipping school, so I should acquaint my body with fighting as much as time allows.

"Saber, let's start. I've rested enough."
"...Is that so? It looks as if you have cooled down, but your pain has not yet gone away, right?"

"I don't care. They're just bruises, so I'll bear a little pain. I can heal automatically now."
"But there is no point in training if it worsens. I believe we should wait a bit longer and see."

"Don't worry. I want to finish this before Tohsaka gets home. We can't have her see me like this, right?"

"...Sigh. I understand. It is certainly not good to have Rin, our eventual enemy, find out your powers.
I believe it is a bit excessive, but if that is the case, let us bring the pace up a little."

Saber picks up the shinai.
And then.
A strange sound echoes through the dojo.

"Saber...?"
Um, I think that was Saber's stomach.
"I believe I am hungry. I did not notice since I was so engrossed in training."

"Ohyeah. Now that you mention it, it's lunchtime already."
No wonder her stomach has started growling.
I'm not that hungry yet, but if Saber's hungry, let's have lunch.
It'll be good if my body heals in that time as well.

"All right. It's a good time, so let's have lunch. I'll go buy some groceries, so you can rest in the living room."
"Shirou, I shall escort you if you are going outside."

"It's fine, I'm only going to the shopping district nearby. There's no one who would attack me in the daytime, and we'd rather stand out if you were with me."
"...There is really no danger?"
"No. I'll come back right away, so please wait here."

I take my wallet and go outside.
It won't take even ten minutes on a bicycle to get to the shopping district from here.
By the way, the bicycle I just took from the garage is bicycle number two. Number one is still out in front of the Ryudou Temple.

I descend the hill.
I don't think I've been to the shopping district in the daytime on a weekday since I was running errands as a child.

Because it's daytime, there are lots of housewives at the intersection, on their way home from shopping.
They're coming from the shopping district that Sakura and I go to regularly.

I finish buying all the groceries.
Ingredients for lunch for two, and a light Japanese snack.
Dinner tonight is fine since Tohsaka's in charge of that, but I buy enough bread for four people for tomorrow's breakfast.
I don't know how to make strawberry jam, so I buy the cheapest... no that'll probably get me some criticism, so I buy a rather expensive one.

"...Damn, it's really expensive. Why do I have to pay a thousand yen for something so sweet?"
I complain as I put the groceries into the bicycle cart.
And then.
I feel something tugging at my clothes from behind.

"...?"
I turn around, wondering what it could be.
There.
Is a young girl with silver hair.

"What, you're!?"
I back off, knocking the bicycle over.

I stand ready at once while the girl just smiles at me.

"...?"
I don't feel any murderous intent nor even enmity from that girl.
In addition, the girl says,"I'm glad. You're alive, Onii-chan."
And she smiles happily.

"!"
...This girl is definitely Berserker's Master.
The master of the monster that slashed me in one blow that night.
Who would expect to meet someone like this in a shopping district near their house, especially in daytime?

"Don't tell me... you intend to fight me here?"
"...? You're saying strange things. We can't fight while the sun's up."
She frowns in displeasure.
That is definitely the behavior of a young girl, suitable for her age.


I don't know her intentions.
I don't know her intentions, but even I can tell that the girl in front of me is harmless.

"Y-You'reif I remember correctly, uh..."
"Ilyasviel von Einzbern. It's long, so you can call me Ilya. So what's Onii-chan's name?"

"Me...? I'm Emiya Shirou."
"Emiyashiro? That's hard to say."

"...It's the first time I've heard it pronounced like that too. No, if you have trouble remembering it, you can call me Shirou. That's my name."

"Shirou? Oh, so it's an easier name than I thought. I see, Shirou. ...Yeah, that sounds good. It's simple, but it sounds aloof."
Ilyasviel looks at me with suggestive eyes.

"...!"
My body unintentionally moves and lowers its waist down so it can move more freely.
...Because she is Berserker's Master.
If she felt like it, she probably could blow me away along with the flower shop next to me.

"Oh, you don't have to be so careful. I left Berserker at home today. Onii-chan left Saber behind too, so we're equal."
Ilyasviel looks up at my face happily.

"...Well, what do you mean equal?"
"Hey, let's talk. I have lots of things I want to talk to you about."

"Wha!?"
The girl clings to my arm as naturally as if she were holding her father's.

"H-Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on...! What are you doing all of a sudden!? Is this some new scheme!?"
"We're just gonna talk. Normal children talk friendly, right?"

"Well, that's true, but we're different! We're both Masters and we've already fought! We're more like enemies!"

"That's not right. I don't have any enemies. Other Masters are just harmful bugs, but I can let you go if you behave yourself."

She's saying terrible things so casually too!
"Geez, just get off of me! You're being absurd!"
I swing my hand and throw Ilyasviel off.

"Kya...!"
She topples.
As I tried to make her let go, the girl almost falls to the ground.

"Oh no, Ilya!"
...Why the hell did I do something like that right then?
When I notice, I instantly reached out for Ilyasvielgeez, this is too longIlya's waist, and caught her as she fell.

I silently lower Ilya to the ground.
"......"
Ilya is silent.
I don't know what to say either, so I stand still looking down at Ilya.

...This is awkward.
This is awkward, so the instant I try to leave to go home...

"What? Do you not like me, Onii-chan?"
That night.
She says this with the same glowing red eyes she had when Berserker was with her.

"!"
A chill runs down my spine.
Her gestures up to now were so child-like that my sense of danger had faded, but she's definitely Berserker's Master.

I'll die if I disobey her.
I can't show my face to Saber if I die in vain here, and most of all, I'll involve all the people here in the shopping district.
...Yes, I can bet on it.
This girl would mercilessly use her power as a Master no matter where she is.

"...All right. We'll talk. I'll keep calm, so is that okay, Ilya?"

"Yup! Then let's go to the park over there. I just went to look at it, but there wasn't anyone there."
Ilya starts to run with dancing steps.

"Hurry, hurry! I'll leave you behind if you don't hurry, Shirou!"
Ilya runs through the shopping district, spinning in circles.

"...She really went on ahead."
Beyond amazement, I'm a bit moved.
For this girl Ilya, any promise is an absolute truth.

That's why she ran off so happily.
She doesn't think I'll run away thinking it's a chance to do so when I'm alone.
I told her I'll talk to her, so she ran off trusting me to do so.

"...What's with her?"
She's really unbalanced.
...But, well...
I'm not yet grown-up enough to betray such a pure trust.

Ilya and I are alone in the small park a little way from the shopping district.
Maybe all the children are at school or maybe such a small park isn't popular anymore.
Anyways, we start to talk in the empty winter park, bathed in a strangely tense atmosphere.

"...Wait, so what are we going to talk about?
Do you want to know about Saber?"
"Huh? Why would we talk about Saber?"

"Because we're Masters. We'd want to gain information on enemy Servants, right?"
"I don't wanna talk about that. It's boring if we don't talk about something more fun."

"Well, you say boring, but... Then what's fun for you, Ilya?"
"I don't know.
I haven't talked to other people much, so I don't know what I should talk about."

"...Hey, you brought me here to talk in spite of that? Didn't you get taught not to act on something until you think it through? I bet you didn't. So be a thoughtful adult from now on."

"...Hm. It's fine. I'll let you do that sort of thing.
It's the man's responsibility to escort the lady, right?
So all I have to do is follow you."

She smiles and leans on my shoulder.
She's not just being over-familiar, but it's as natural as a small animal snuggling because it's cold.
...Wait.
Looking closely at her, she does actually look cold.

"Ilya. Are you cold?"
"Huh? Yeah, I'm cold. I don't like the cold."

She breathes out a white puff.
Even though she said she doesn't like it, she looks at her breath happily.

"I see. It's not always like this, but it's strangely cold today. It would be pretty bad if you don't like the cold... um, where are you from, Ilya? Your name sounds kind of noble."

"It's not 'kind of noble', I am a noble.
I was born in the old Einzbern castle.
It was always cold and snowing. So I'm fine with this cold."

"...? You were born in a cold country, right? Then shouldn't you be used to the cold?"

"I'm used to it, but I don't like it. I like warm more than cold. Don't you like warm too?"
"Yeah, of course. I like it warm rather than cold."

"Yeah! So I stay warm in my room when it's cold. But I like the snow. It's so white and my dad said it's just like my hair."


I clap my hands together.
She's right now that she's mentioned it.
I was trying to work out what I associated with Ilya. If there was such a thing as a snow fairy, wouldn't it look like her?

"Your father says clever things. Your hair is certainly like snow. It's white and it looks soft."

"Ehehe, right? This hair is something I can brag about. It comes from my mom, and it's the only girlish thing about me."

Ilya laughs happily.
Seeing such gestures really numbs me.
I couldn't have believed she was really Berserker's Master if I hadn't seen it.

"How about you, Shirou? Do you have something you got from your dad? Oh, don't say the Magic Crest.
I'm talking about what you got from him as your dad, not as a Master."

"Huh, me? ...Hmmm... I guess my house in the end.
Before that, I got my last name. And the thing I got first was..."
My life when I was about to die.
Because I was the only one saved by Kiritsugu in that fire ten years ago.

"...Let's see, I don't have any physical features like you that I got from my parents. But I think I got a lot of things as good as that."

Ilya is delighted as if it concerned her.
I bet no one could stay unhappy if they were smiled at like this.

"But from what you said, you didn't get the Magic Crest, right? That's strange. Then you're not a Master?"

"...? No, I'm an amateur magus with no Magic Crest, but I'm still a Master.
How about you, Ilya? Umyou're a Master, so you're a magus, right?"

"Huh? I'm not a magus, but just a Master.
I was never taught any normal magic."

"Huh...!? Then you didn't get a Magic Crest from your parents? ...Um, your family is a noble family that even has a castle, right?"
"That's right... but isn't a Magic Crest what you need to become a Master? That's why I'm a Master."

Ilya tilts her head in confusion.
"...?"
I too tilt my head in confusion.
It seems like Ilya's words are slightly off, and we're not having a real conversation.

"...Hey Ilya. I'll ask you something, but where are you living right now? It seems you came here just for the Holy Grail War, so are you living in a hotel or something?"

No, first of all, it'll be terrible if she doesn't have a guardian.
It's unheard of to let a child like this come to Japan by herself.

"Hotel...? Do you mean the villa?"
"Yeah, something like that. It's a place you can stay, but it's not your house."

"Then I have one! See, there's a forest over there, right? Deep in it is a Western-style mansion my grandfather's grandfather built. They say the Master of Einzbern lives there during the Holy Grail War."

Ilya is pointing to the west.
...Certainly, there's a deep undeveloped mountain forest in that direction....

"It takes about an hour to get there even with a car, right? Are you coming here from there alone?"

"Yeah, I snuck out today. Sella and Leysritt are my maids, but they're annoying.
I came to Japan, so I think I can go outside just while I'm here. I always got what I wanted, but I was always shut away in my room, so this is a reward."

"...? You mean you were locked up in your room?"
"Yeah. When it snowed, they didn't let me outside because it was bad for my body. So I was playing inside most of the time.
Oh, but I'm fine. It's not as cold here as the castle, so I'm fine by myself."

Ilya says so with a full smile.
She swings her legs and it seems she's having fun just doing so.

"......"
Without knowing why, I put my hand into the grocery bag.
I take out the dora-yaki I was supposed to eat with Saber and again, without knowing why, hand it to Ilya.

"Do you want this? It's cheap, though."
"Huh? What is that? Food?"
"That's right. I don't like sweets, but this is an exception. This is the snack my father and I always have with tea."

"...Um. ...So, I can have it?"
Ilya looks up at me timidly.

"Yeah. It's no good if I eat by myself, so let's eat together."
I hand her the dora-yaki.
Ilya hesitates, and then takes the Japanese snack that I'm sure she's never seen before.

"Ehe. Yeah, thanks!"
She eats it happily.
Her gestures are so enthusiastic that the expression 'stuffing her cheeks' fits perfectly.


I eat my dora-yaki as well and endure the shock that attacked the back of my head.
...Geez.
Why was I thinking it might be nice to have a smaller sister like this?

"...But, really..."
I think Ilya is too innocent.
This girl might really be a child who doesn't yet know the difference between good and evil.
I can barely imagine how a child born in a family of magi is raised.
But stillI can tell that the environment Ilya was raised in wasn't normal.

Tohsaka is like that, but she's a magus by nature from the core. She has accepted the Holy Grail War and the killings between Masters as "murder".

But maybe this girl became a Master without knowing what it means to kill someone.
I've only talked a bit with her, but I don't think Ilya is a girl that would want to kill others.
So

"Ilya. This is a serious subject, but..."
Then.
Ilya suddenly raises her head as if called by someone.

"...Ilya? What's wrong?"
"Yeah. I have to go home. Berserker woke up."

She jumps off the bench.
Ilya runs out of the park without saying goodbye and disappears in a blink of an eye.
"I'm going, Shirou. I'll bring you home something, so be good."
Fuji-Nee goes to work, waving goodbye.

"I'll get going too. I'll be home a bit later since I'm going by my house, but I'll be home before dinner. Don't do anything careless while I'm gone."
Tohsaka says goodbye with a look and leaves for school.

"Well."
The time is just past 7:30.
I was able to send them off without delay, so there's only one thing to do now.

"Well, let's continue from yesterday. Let's go to the dojo, Saber."
"Are we starting the training immediately? We just ate breakfast, so should we not rest for a while?"

"There's no need to worry. I've trained enough to be able to move right after eating, and we had toast this morning too. I don't live so unhealthily that bread sits heavy in my stomach."

"...Oh. If you say it is fine, I do not mind."
"Then there's no problem. Let's go. I'll show you the results of planning all last night on how to hit you at least once."

"...!"
I'm blown to the ground along with my defending shinai, not fully able to dodge Saber's counter-attack.

"Hakuh..."
The hand holding my shinai is numb.
It was a counterattack received after charging into her with all my might trying to overpower her.
Naturally, I'll drop my shinai and fall on my butt.

"Damn. I thought that would work."
"Your judgments are too optimistic.
Please understand that you cannot defeat a Servant even if you put your life at risk in an attack. It is good to have determination, but please consider your opponent first."

"...Hm. You say so, but I'll be beaten eventually if I'm on the defensive. I have to go on the offense if there's a chance."

"That is true, but you do not understand how to make use of such a chance. If you are to attack risking your life, you should wait for an appropriate chance."

"You don't even need to tell me. You looked away for a bit earlier, right? Something like that only happens maybe once a day, so I thought it was a chance."

"It was good that you were able to make that judgment in an instant, but that was an opening I made intentionally.
I averted my gaze to see if you would be agitated by it, but I would never have thought you would come straight for me."

"Ugh. You're mean. It's no good making fun of a beginner."

"I am not making fun of you. Even if it is a plot of mine, as long as it is an opening, I bear some risk as well.
But then, the risk I took averting my gaze and the risk you took coming at me with your life do not even need to be scaled."

"...Hm. So the point is to softly attack the small openings? A large swing will miss the opportunity... no, I bet you want to say that I should act according to the size of the opening, right?"

"Yes. So please try to estimate the size of the opening."

"But you are much clearer than yesterday on the line of death. Once you obtain the skill to sense danger, the decisions of whom to fight and what to do naturally become limited."

Saber comments happily.
If I'm not imagining things, she might be happy that her student has improved a bit.

"It is almost time to take a break. Should I go and get some water, Shirou?"
"Oh, that's fine. I brought a kettle, so I'll drink from that."

I pull my tired body over to the wall.
I wipe my sweat off with the towel I prepared and drink the water out of the kettle.

"Phew."
I exhale.
...For three hours since I saw Fuji-Nee and Tohsaka out, I've been fighting Saber.

As usual, Saber doesn't explain anything and I don't ask anything as we cross swords.
It's a match with pretty much no chance of my victory, but my body moves better the more I fight Saber.

I'm not hoping to improve my fighting techniques.
This is just letting my body, not my mind, get used to battle.
But it's still better than doing nothing, and since I don't have anything, I'll be of no use unless I train this one aspect.
When the time comes for me to face a Master, if I am thinking about how to fight, that'll surely prove fatal.

"...Saber's... not sweating, as I expected."
I feel down, but I won't be able to catch up to her in a day or two.
Saber is resting her body, sitting Japanese-style like yesterday.

"Hm."
It's a waste just sitting here absent-mindedly.
It's break time, so I'll talk to her.
All right, then
...Before she became a Servant.
I wonder what Saber was like when she was alive as a human.

Saber is so beautiful, and I bet everyone liked her.
Though one might misunderstand from the name Saber, she might have been a normal girl who didn't even use a sword.

"...Yeah. I wonder what Saber was like before."
I get curious, and I accidentally speak my mind.

"Yes? Did you say something, Shirou?"
"Huh? No, I was just imagining what you were like before. I don't want to know your true name, but I was wondering what kind of a life you led."

"What kind of a person I was like...?
You are interested in strange matters, Shirou."

"Ignore it if it's a problem. It just popped in my head.
You're the Servant Saber, but I thought you might have been different before you became a Servant."

Yes.
I think that she might have led a calm life suitable for a lovely girl.

"I do not think that is possible.
People do not change their personality when they become a Servant, and I was a knight who was given a sword at birth. Any different self that you talk of never existed."

"Whoa, so you always had such a tense personality?
...That's terrible. I sympathize with the people who were around you."

"...What do you mean by that?
I am strict, but I do not coerce the people around me."

"Don't lie. I know from today's training that you're pitiless and have no mercy.
Look at this welt. You're happy to come pounding on me when I make a mistake, you devilish instructor."

"I-I was not happy about it!
I-I feel sorry for Shirou, but it would not be training if I was not strict!"


...How unusual.
It's really surprising for Saber to make that kind of an expression.

"W-What is with that expression? I think it is unfair to suddenly go silent."

"OhI wasn't expecting you to get angry like that, so I was surprised."

"Ehi-is that so? I only emphasized what I was thinking."
"That might be why. You don't talk much with your emotions. So that was new."

"I-Is that so? I believe I act based on my beliefs."
"I'm saying that it's your thinking, not your feeling.
No, not that. It's that you don't say what you really feel."

"That is only natural. What is demanded from me is not an opinion as an individual but an opinion from my position. That does not change even now.
I will protect you as the Servant Saber.
I should not say anything that does not relate to that purpose,[l]
and there is no need to even think about such things."

"That may be true, but that'll be boring for you, Saber.
You have a role, but I don't think you need to devote yourself to it. You have things you want to do too."

"As I said, protecting you is what I must do. In addition to being inexperienced as a Master, you do not listen to me and try to fight. That is why I am training you right now!"

"No, that's not it, but... well, I guess it's fine if you say so."
It seems Saber is softer and cheerful right now, so I don't want to ruin this calm mood by continuing this conversation.
...Um, it's not that I'm giving up my training, but...
It just might be that I'll be more into the fight with Saber if I have some special move that lets me do something just because I know it.

"Saber, I want to ask you something."
"What is it, Shirou...? I get the feeling that you are looking at me with a lot of expectation."

"Really? Well, if you put it like that, it is a request and I do have expectations. To be frank, I want you to teach me something."

"...Okay. Um, I do not quite understand what you are trying to say, but I will instruct you in anything that I am able to."

Saber must think it's a serious conversation as she adjusts herself and sits Japanese-style in front of me.

"So, what is it that you would like to know? Is it about the Servants?"
Saber looks at me seriously.

"Hm."
I feel like I already know what'll happen, but let's not expect anything and just ask her.

"Um. I'm not joking around or anything, so I want you to listen to me without getting mad."

"Yes, that is why I am listening seriously. Please ask me without reserve."

"Then, I'll accept that and ask you.
Um, well. If there is one, can you teach me an easy special move that'll let me beat a Servant? Ideally something that'll even let me beat you."


Saber stops breathing.


Saber does not move even an eyebrow.

"I-I guess there isn't anything that convenient, huh...!?
I'm sorry, I'm really sorry...! It was just a joke, so don't take it seriously and just pretend you didn't hear it! That'll really help me... out...."

Uh.
Saber-san is making an evil smile.

"S-Saber...? It may just be me, but you have a really unsuitable evil smile on your face."

"It is not just you. Right now, my mind is as wicked as Rin's is."

"...!!!!"
I feel a chill, I feel a chill...!

"Uh, wa, uh."
"Why are you panicking, Shirou? I have not answered your question yet. If I did not mishear you, I believe you desire a special move that will beat a Servant in one blow?"

I retreat, but Saber advances and doesn't let me escape.

"Ahum, well... Saber, you're mad, right?"
"Yes, very."

I'm dead.
If this were a real battle, she would have certainly killed me by now.

"Calm down, let's calm down Saber.
I've contemplated my actions. I think I know why you're mad too."
"I see. Then please sit there in a Japanese style. I cannot calm down unless I explain things to you."

Saber stands up.
I quickly straighten my back and prepare myself.


Saber takes a deep breath.
Then.

"Are you kidding me...!? What are you thinking of, asking for a cheat like a special move to beat an opponent in one blow!?!!!"

"Ahuh."
My ear canals are panicking.
I never thought I'd collapse just from an angry voice.
That was beyond human abilities.
Does she have a voice as powerful as a beast or a lion?

"S-Sorry... so I'm saying I'm contemplating my actions.
You're stronger than me, Saber. So I thought you might know a move that even an unskilled guy could use."

"There is nothing convenient like that!
A surprise move is something you use against someone of equal level, and a beginner like you should work thoroughly on your foundations!"

"First of all, I already told you not to think about defeating your opponent! Please think first about your protection! If there is a special move for you, it would be enough judgment to stop yourself from getting into a situation that requires you to fight!"

"Uh... I understand. I understand, solower your voice a little."
I put my hands together to show I'm sorry.

"...Geez, I had some expectations of you, but you are so unstable. If you are like this, it is too dangerous for me to leave you alone."
Saber's scolding continues.

"...Sigh."
It was my fault for stepping on the lion's tail.
I'll stay quiet and take Saber's scolding until she's satisfied.
...Why does she desire battle so much?
I might be able to understand Saber's mindset if I can find out why she seeks the Holy Grail, the reward of the Holy Grail War.
But, is that really something I can ask her?

"...Saber. Can I ask you a question?"
"Yes. What is it, Shirou?"

"Um, it's something I forgot to ask.
You're lending me your power because you also want the Holy Grail, right?
Sowhat do you want from the Holy Grail?"

"The reason I seek the Holy Grail? Can it not be because I desire it? The Holy Grail is an almighty vessel. There is no wish that cannot be granted if one possesses it. One needs no reason to seek such a thing."

"No. That's not what I'm asking.
Saber, you're trying not to answer my question, right?"
"OhShirou, that's..."

"I don't want to know the reason you seek it. I want to know what the wish you want granted is.
...But if you don't want to say, that's fine. My wishes aren't things I can talk about either."

Saber closes her mouth awkwardly.

...Well, it's only natural.
Saber didn't form the contract to help me personally.
Since the only ones who can obtain the Holy Grail are the Masters, she is only helping me to take share in the reward.

That is why she must be hesitating to tell her wish, and most of allI myself don't want to hear Saber describe a selfish wish.
...So I shouldn't have asked.
After all, it's rude for a person without a clear wish to ask other people's wishes.

"Shirou. Is that a command as a Master?"
Suddenly.
Saber asks the question with a serious expression.

"Eh... no, it's not. I didn't intend that.
I was just curious about you. Sorry for asking you about it."

"...No. As a Servant, I certainly must tell my Master my wish.
Shirou, I seek the Holy Grail to fulfill an obligation. I want the power of the Holy Grail to accomplish a duty I could not accomplish during my lifetime."
Directly.
With honest eyes, she says so.

"...Accomplish a duty...? During your lifetime... you mean, before you became a Servant...?"
"...Yes. But I do not know my true intentions myself.
Perhaps I only desire to redo things again."
Saber looks down quietly.
For a moment.
She looks like a repentant lost child.

"I-I see. Anyways, I'm relieved.
I was worried what I should do if you said something like Tohsaka, like your dream is to take over the world."

"...Fufu. Rin would be mad if she heard that. She is not someone who would say such a thing. She would use the Holy Grail purely for her own benefit, but it would not be something that would bring chaos to the world."

"Really? I think we should never let her have the Holy Grail for a completely different reason."
I nod to myself.
Saber is watching me with a gentle expression.

That's the end of the conversation.
It was a subject I should have kept away from.
The atmosphere is softened by talk of Tohsaka, so let's end this conversation right here.


But a small pain remains in my chest.
Even though I'm relieved that Saber's wish isn't a vulgar one, I think there's something wrong with that wish of hers.
...Um, it's not that I'm giving up my training, but...
It just might be that I'll be more into the fight with Saber if I have some special move that lets me do something just because I know it.

"Saber, I want to ask you something."
"What is it, Shirou...? I get the feeling that you are looking at me with a lot of expectation."

"Really? Well, if you put it like that, it is a request and I do have expectations. To be frank, I want you to teach me something."

"...Okay. Um, I do not quite understand what you are trying to say, but I will instruct you in anything that I am able to."

Saber must think it's a serious conversation as she adjusts herself and sits Japanese-style in front of me.

"So, what is it that you would like to know? Is it about the Servants?"
Saber looks at me seriously.

"Hm."
I feel like I already know what'll happen, but let's not expect anything and just ask her.

"Um. I'm not joking around or anything, so I want you to listen to me without getting mad."

"Yes, that is why I am listening seriously. Please ask me without reserve."

"Then, I'll accept that and ask you.
Um, well. If there is one, can you teach me an easy special move that'll let me beat a Servant? Ideally something that'll even let me beat you."


Saber stops breathing.


Saber does not move even an eyebrow.

"I-I guess there isn't anything that convenient, huh...!?
I'm sorry, I'm really sorry...! It was just a joke, so don't take it seriously and just pretend you didn't hear it! That'll really help me... out...."

Uh.
Saber-san is making an evil smile.

"S-Saber...? It may just be me, but you have a really unsuitable evil smile on your face."

"It is not just you. Right now, my mind is as wicked as Rin's is."

"...!!!!"
I feel a chill, I feel a chill...!

"Uh, wa, uh."
"Why are you panicking, Shirou? I have not answered your question yet. If I did not mishear you, I believe you desire a special move that will beat a Servant in one blow?"

I retreat, but Saber advances and doesn't let me escape.

"Ahum, well... Saber, you're mad, right?"
"Yes, very."

I'm dead.
If this were a real battle, she would have certainly killed me by now.

"Calm down, let's calm down Saber.
I've contemplated my actions. I think I know why you're mad too."
"I see. Then please sit there in a Japanese style. I cannot calm down unless I explain things to you."

Saber stands up.
I quickly straighten my back and prepare myself.


Saber takes a deep breath.
Then.

"Are you kidding me...!? What are you thinking of, asking for a cheat like a special move to beat an opponent in one blow!?!!!"

"Ahuh."
My ear canals are panicking.
I never thought I'd collapse just from an angry voice.
That was beyond human abilities.
Does she have a voice as powerful as a beast or a lion?

"S-Sorry... so I'm saying I'm contemplating my actions.
You're stronger than me, Saber. So I thought you might know a move that even an unskilled guy could use."

"There is nothing convenient like that!
A surprise move is something you use against someone of equal level, and a beginner like you should work thoroughly on your foundations!"

"First of all, I already told you not to think about defeating your opponent! Please think first about your protection! If there is a special move for you, it would be enough judgment to stop yourself from getting into a situation that requires you to fight!"

"Uh... I understand. I understand, solower your voice a little."
I put my hands together to show I'm sorry.

"...Geez, I had some expectations of you, but you are so unstable. If you are like this, it is too dangerous for me to leave you alone."
Saber's scolding continues.

"...Sigh."
It was my fault for stepping on the lion's tail.
I'll stay quiet and take Saber's scolding until she's satisfied.
...Why does she desire battle so much?
I might be able to understand Saber's mindset if I can find out why she seeks the Holy Grail, the reward of the Holy Grail War.
But, is that really something I can ask her?

"...Saber. Can I ask you a question?"
"Yes. What is it, Shirou?"

"Um, it's something I forgot to ask.
You're lending me your power because you also want the Holy Grail, right?
Sowhat do you want from the Holy Grail?"

"The reason I seek the Holy Grail? Can it not be because I desire it? The Holy Grail is an almighty vessel. There is no wish that cannot be granted if one possesses it. One needs no reason to seek such a thing."

"No. That's not what I'm asking.
Saber, you're trying not to answer my question, right?"
"OhShirou, that's..."

"I don't want to know the reason you seek it. I want to know what the wish you want granted is.
...But if you don't want to say, that's fine. My wishes aren't things I can talk about either."

Saber closes her mouth awkwardly.

...Well, it's only natural.
Saber didn't form the contract to help me personally.
Since the only ones who can obtain the Holy Grail are the Masters, she is only helping me to take share in the reward.

That is why she must be hesitating to tell her wish, and most of allI myself don't want to hear Saber describe a selfish wish.
...So I shouldn't have asked.
After all, it's rude for a person without a clear wish to ask other people's wishes.

"Shirou. Is that a command as a Master?"
Suddenly.
Saber asks the question with a serious expression.

"Eh... no, it's not. I didn't intend that.
I was just curious about you. Sorry for asking you about it."

"...No. As a Servant, I certainly must tell my Master my wish.
Shirou, I seek the Holy Grail to fulfill an obligation. I want the power of the Holy Grail to accomplish a duty I could not accomplish during my lifetime."
Directly.
With honest eyes, she says so.

"...Accomplish a duty...? During your lifetime... you mean, before you became a Servant...?"
"...Yes. But I do not know my true intentions myself.
Perhaps I only desire to redo things again."
Saber looks down quietly.
For a moment.
She looks like a repentant lost child.

"I-I see. Anyways, I'm relieved.
I was worried what I should do if you said something like Tohsaka, like your dream is to take over the world."

"...Fufu. Rin would be mad if she heard that. She is not someone who would say such a thing. She would use the Holy Grail purely for her own benefit, but it would not be something that would bring chaos to the world."

"Really? I think we should never let her have the Holy Grail for a completely different reason."
I nod to myself.
Saber is watching me with a gentle expression.

That's the end of the conversation.
It was a subject I should have kept away from.
The atmosphere is softened by talk of Tohsaka, so let's end this conversation right here.


But a small pain remains in my chest.
Even though I'm relieved that Saber's wish isn't a vulgar one, I think there's something wrong with that wish of hers.
...Before she became a Servant.
I wonder what Saber was like when she was alive as a human.

Saber is so beautiful, and I bet everyone liked her.
Though one might misunderstand from the name Saber, she might have been a normal girl who didn't even use a sword.

"...Yeah. I wonder what Saber was like before."
I get curious, so I accidentally speak out my mind.

"Yes? Did you say something, Shirou?"
"Huh? No, I was just imagining what you were like before. I don't want to know your true name, but I was wondering what kind of a life you led."

"What kind of a person I was like...?
You are interested in strange matters, Shirou."

"Ignore it if it's a problem. It just popped in my head.
You're the Servant Saber, but I thought you might have been different before you became a Servant."

Yes.
I think that she might have led a calm life suitable for a lovely girl.

"I do not think that is possible.
People do not change their personality when they become a Servant, and I was a knight who was given a sword at birth. Any different self that you talk of never existed."

"Whoa, so you always had such a tense personality?
...That's terrible. I sympathize with the people who were around you."

"...What do you mean by that?
I am strict, but I do not coerce the people around me."

"Don't lie. I know from today's training that you're pitiless and have no mercy.
Look at this welt. You're happy to come pounding on me when I make a mistake, you devilish instructor."

"I-I was not happy about it!
I-I feel sorry for Shirou, but it would not be training if I was not strict!"


...How unusual.
It's really surprising for Saber to make that kind of an expression.

"W-What is with that expression? I think it is unfair to suddenly go silent."

"OhI wasn't expecting you to get angry like that, so I was surprised."

"Ehi-is that so? I only emphasized what I was thinking."
"That might be why. You don't talk much with your emotions. So that was new."

"I-Is that so? I believe I act based on my beliefs."
"I'm saying that it's your thinking, not your feeling.
No, not that. It's that you don't say what you really feel."

"That is only natural. What is demanded from me is not an opinion as an individual but an opinion from my position. That does not change even now.
I will protect you as the Servant Saber.
I should not say anything that does not relate to that purpose,[l]
and there is no need to even think about such things."

"That may be true, but that'll be boring for you, Saber.
You have a role, but I don't think you need to devote yourself to it. You have things you want to do too."

"As I said, protecting you is what I must do. In addition to being inexperienced as a Master, you do not listen to me and try to fight. That is why I am training you right now!"

"No, that's not it, but... well, I guess it's fine if you say so."
It seems Saber is softer and cheerful right now, so I don't want to ruin this calm mood by continuing this conversation.
Before I realize it, it's noon.
"It is lunchtime, Shirou."
"Yeah, it's lunchtime."
We confirm this to each other as both our stomachs growl.

"Let's eat. Is there something you'd like, Saber?"
"Nothing in particular. I am mostly satisfied with the food you prepare."

Saber's expression is a bit strange.
...Well, it helps that she's not nagging like Tohsaka.

"Then I'll go to get some groceries. I'll come home around the same time as yesterday, so go on ahead to the living room."
"Yes. I'll be waiting, Shirou."

I decide to try making shrimp dumpling, which I have wanted to try making for a while.
It's a dish that's a bit larger than takoyaki, and it's really hot and tasty.

"...I bought some mustard, and also the snacks for the three o'clock tea...."
I put the groceries into the bicycle cart.
Oh yeah.
I met Ilya here yesterday.

"She's not here."
No, it would be a problem if she was here everyday, but not having her here is rather disappointing.
...I haven't told Saber or Tohsaka that I met Ilya yesterday.
Because Ilya didn't seem like an enemy, I was hesitant to tell them about her.

"...No way. Just because she was here yesterday doesn't mean she'll be here today."
So, I get on the bike and

1) Go straight home.
2) Go and visit the park.
I'll go straight home.
Saber is looking forward to lunch, and I'm in no position to stop by anywhere.

So I make the shrimp dumplings.
It's not really a dish to eat with rice, but it's best with alcohol. Originally, it was something I learned to cook at the bar restaurant I work at.

"Shirou. This is really hot."
Saber eats the round deep-fried food, bigger than a golf ball but smaller than a tennis ball.

"Are you sensitive to hot food, Saber? Or do you not like such roughly made food?"

"No, I have no problem with either. The hotness is interesting, and the taste is coarse, but I can also feel a great deal of care."

"I see. I'm glad you like it."
"Yes. It is too bad we cannot let Rin or Taiga have some."

Saber continues to eat silently.
Perhaps because she worked out in the morning, it seems she's eating more than usual.


...Um, I don't know if this is appropriate for a guy, but I'm happy if someone eats my food. Even more so if they think it's good.
I'm unskilled as a Master, so if Saber gets happy from just this, I'll put more effort into making meals... huh?

...Saber is looking at the empty plate with an intense expression.

"Saber...? I'll make some more if that wasn't enough."
"Eh...? N-No, I've enjoyed enough. I-I-It is not that I did not have enough."

"All right. Then let's have some tea. I'll go brew some right away, so wait here."
I take the empty plates into the kitchen.
I put the dishes into the sink and put the kettle over the fire to make some tea.

"Oh yeah. Saber, how about having a different kind of tea..."
I pop my face out of the kitchen.
...And.

"...But this is a problem. Shirou's food is good.
If I stop eating from now on, my will to fight will certainly decrease.
...I am still too indulgent. I have experienced it several times, but starvation tactics are so dreadful."

"Um, well."
...I take it back. I'll stop putting so much effort into cooking.
If I keep putting more effort into cooking like this, she might end up making me into her personal cook.
Yup.
People shouldn't overdo things.
Let's take the long way home.
It's about a five minute detour.
This is just like a whim, so I shouldn't have to worry about excuses

I go by the park and put my brakes on.

I stop the bicycle.
I enter the park with the groceries still in the bicycle cart.

"Why?"
Why is it like this?
It was just a whim.
Inside the park I passed, thinking that it would be nice if I could meet her again...
...Is the figure of a silver-haired girl.

Ilya is standing there absent-mindedly, not doing anything.
It doesn't seem like she notices me.
I can leave right now if I want to.
Butif I was going to do such a thing, I wouldn't have come by this park in the first place.

"Ilya."
I call out to her.

"Who's there!?"
"Um, it's just Shirou."
"Eh... really, Shirou...?"
She must have been really surprised, as Ilya is looking at me with wide open eyes.

"Why are you so surprised?
This place is near the shopping district, so I pass by it from time to time. How about you, why are you here? You were here yesterday too, so do you have a lot of free time?"

"Actually, yeah. I came to play since there's not much to do, but Sella said I shouldn't see you. She said it's no fun playing with you because I'm going to end up killing you soon anyway."

"Ahwell, that's..."
...Whoa.
I don't know how to answer that. She just said something that really troubles me....

"But I think that's wrong because it's fun being with you. So I thought I might see you here, and I was waiting for ages.
Yeah. I'm glad you came."

"...Hold on. You weren't really waiting for me, were you?"
"I was.
I've been thinking for ages it would be nice if you came."

"...Idiot. You don't like the cold, right? If you want to see me, come to my placeno, that's bad. If you met Saber, it'd just turn into a fight.
But still, there are plenty of other ways. You would've been able to find me if you were waiting in the shopping district like yesterday."

"No, I can't do that. I can't come and see you myself. Yesterday was a one-time only cheat.
So I just waited where you might come today, and it ended up working."

Saying so happily, Ilya takes a few steps as if dancing.
Her swaying silver hair makes her look like a real winter fairy.

"...I understand, but why did you come to see me? Well, if a conversation like yesterday is enough, I'll keep you company."

"No, it's nothing today. I just wanted to see you, and we're enemies anyways. I'll come and kill you when the Holy Grail War's almost over, so let's talk then."

She says it so innocently.
...That unsuitability is unbearable.
It's not because I'm going to be killed. I just don't think being a Master suits her.

"...Ilya. Is that really something you want to do?
Did you really enter this war by your own choice?"

"Yeah, that's right. It was what my grandfather told me to do.
I'm the most suited to be a Master out of all the Einzberns, and I'm the owner of the big Holy Grail."

"...Doesn't that mean you're just doing what your grandfather told you to do? You didn't become a Master by your own will, did you?"

"Hmmm... Was that it...? I can't remember too well, but I've been a Master since I was born. So they said it's only natural for me to fight."
"That's wrong. If you're only fighting because people tell you to, stop.
First of all, such killing doesn't suit you, Ilya."

Ilya stops moving.
Her eyes look directly into mine.

"...Hmm. It doesn't look like you're pleading for your life.
It looks like Onii-chan's really worried about me."

"...That's right. Putting others aside, I don't like someone like you fighting. If it's possible, I want you to quit being a Master and stay calm."

"Hehe. Let's see, if you'll be my Servant, I'll quit. Then I won't have to kill you."

"Whaw-w-what are you saying!? Do you know what it means to tell me to be a Servant...!?"
...No, first of all, I can't substitute for Berserker!

"I'm saying you should stop fighting. I'm telling you to get rid of your Servant, so why do I have to become your familiar?"

"Not a familiar, I said a Servant.
Servants are people that are always with you, right? So all you have to do is stay by my side."

"Ehhuh?"
...Hold on.
Could it be, Ilya

"Let me ask you something. What is a Servant, Ilya?"
"It's mine, right? My grandfather said it's someone that's always by my side and protects me."


...As I thought.
Servants must be just that for Ilya.
None of the Command Spell or Master stuff concerns her.
For her, a being that protects her is a Servant.

"...I see. But I still can't do that. I can't accept that condition, so give me something else."
"W-What?
Are you saying I'm not good enough for you...?"

"No, nothing like that but... well, how can I put this"
I'm worried about her, but I can't be someone who'll be by her side all the time

"Ilya, I already have Saber.
And as a Master, I also have to stop the other Masters. Um, I'm sorry, but I can't be your Servant."

"...! What!? I made a compromise because it was you, but if you say that, I don't even know you...!"
"Hey... hold on, Ilya, I'm not done"

"Stupid Shirou! It's terrible of you to embarrass a girl!"
"Oh... she's gone..."
She doesn't listen to me and just runs out of the park.

Though I run after her, I can't find her anywhere.
"Geez. This is just like yesterday."
I sigh and return to my bike.

...But, well, if she's like that, I'm sure she won't suddenly attack me like she did the first night we met.
That means there's at least one more chance to convince her.
Today's training ends when the sun sets.
I'm near my limit, and I have to get Tohsaka to teach me magic tonight.
I couldn't accomplish my goal of landing a blow on Saber, but I should save some of my energy for tonight.

So, it's my turn to cook dinner tonight.
Saber went to wash off her sweat after me, so she won't be back for a while.

"I'm home. Oh, you're preparing dinner properly, Shirou.
"Good for you, well done."

Fuji-Nee enters the living room energetically, heads straight for the cushion, and sits down.
Unlike Saber, who has to sleep through half of the day, she's like this twenty-four hours a day.
I bet she's like this even when she's asleep.

"Hey, Shirouuu. Can I eat these apples?" she asks me while looking at the apples on the table.

"Go ahead. As you can see, we have plenty. It's necessary for each person to eat three a day."
"Really? Then should we make something like apple pie. Well, I mean you, though."

Fuji-Nee bites into the apple while saying something loosely.
...The ones on the table are the ones I've washed already, but I guess she's not the type to care about such things.

"...Geez, they're a get-well gift too..."
Even though it was just a misunderstanding, shouldn't she be more thoughtful about a gift given by a friend who cares for me?
I have to tell her clearly.

1) Fuji-Nee, where`s my gift?
2) ...She might really get me to make a pie. I`ll stay away for a while.
3) Apples won`t do. Eat some Mandarins, Fuji-Nee.
...I stop preparing dinner and take off my apron.
When I wash my hands and go into the living room, Fuji-Nee doesn't have the apple in her hand anymore.

"Fuji-Nee, did you eat that apple?"
"Yeah, I did. It was sweet and sour and good."
"I see. Then it's your turn. Give me a gift for what you've eaten."

"...? Gift... you mean oranges?"
"...I won't ask how you came to that conclusion.
I'm just telling you to give me the gift you have for me. Don't tell me you forgot what you said before leaving this morning."

"Don't be rude, I do remember. See, I have it right here."
Fuji-Nee puts a strange paper bag on the table and empties it out.


This is unexpected.
I don't think it's like Fuji-Nee to remember about her promises.
"...But, what is that? For me, um..."
No matter how I look at it, it just looks like garbageI mean, a mountain of stuffed animals.

"For Shirou, I have this Aztec stone mask. Your room's empty, right? It should increase the warmth a bit if you have this there."
She hands me a heartful and suspicious mask fashioned like a sun.
It's a thing about size of a baseball, with soft stuffing in it.

"...Fuji-Nee. Was this a hundred yen each game?"
"Yeah, it was a lot of work getting that. I never gave up and in the end, I had the guy working there take it out for me."
She's laughing in embarrassment, but I'm scared to think how bloody the fight must have been.

"Umm... I also have a Chinese dragon, bat, crab, cow, snake, charging soldier..."
Fuji-Nee happily separates the mountain of stuffed animals.

A few stuffed animals roll off the table and the living room becomes a mess in an instant.
...It's getting messy, but since Fuji-Nee seems to be having fun, I don't want to stop her.

"Well, I'll take it. You should clean up once you're done sorting them."
"Yup, I know."

I go back to the kitchen with the stuffed animal in my hand.
Then.
She must have just passed by, as I see Saber at the entrance to the living room in a really bad mood.

"......"
Saber is glaring into the living room, saying nothing.

"Saber...? Are you done with the bath already?"
"Yes, it was very nice."
She answers in her usual manner, but she enters the living room unsteadily like she's sleepwalking.

Saber walks like that to the table and stops right in front of a discarded stuffed animal.
"Taiga. Is this puppet modeled after a lion?"
"Eh? Yeah, it looks like it. That's a baby lion."

"......"
Saber is silently staring at the stuffed animal at her feet.

"Are these puppets yours, Taiga?
Um, like those puppets over there..."
"Yeah, do you want some? I can give you some if you want," Fuji-Nee asks Saber lightheartedly.

"!"
Whoa, what is Fuji-Nee thinking...!?
She should be able to tell that Saber's in a bad mood, so why is she asking her such a ridiculous thing!?
First of all, does she really think Saber would want such a thing?

"Do you want it? It's no good if I keep it, so I can give it to Saber-chan."
Fuji-Nee holds up the stuffed lion, not noticing Saber's dislike.

Saber takes it and...
"Please."
...Steps forward seriously and accepts it.

"...Huh?"
My mind freezes.
What kind of an illusion is this?
Saber is holding that chunk of uselessness like it's really important.

"I appreciate it very much. Thank you, Taiga."
"Don't worry about it. That's not a tiger."
...Hold on. There was something wrong with that comment, Fuji-Nee.

"But I'm a bit surprised. You like this kind of thing, Saber-chan?"
"Yes. I have longed for something small and cute.
I have not had many chances to hold such a thing."

Saying that, Saber looks down at the stuffed lion in her arms.
That face, looks like
"?"
...What was that?
I felt like I saw... something weird.

"Hm? Could it be that Saber-chan likes lions? A rival?"
Saber nods with the same smile she had looking at the stuffed lion.

"It does not mean I like them, but I have a bond with them.
I once took care of a lion cub and I was happy that the child was attached to me.
So since that time, I have had feelings for them.
Originally, I was more linked to dragons, but..."

"I see, a lion cub... oh, aren't lion cubs like cats or something? Don't they bite and scratch and all?"

"Yes, he was energetic enough to do such things.
I only took care of him for about a month, but I wish I could have been allowed to be with him until the end."

"I see, I see. But that's hard. Lions get really large. A normal house can't keep them, so you have to let them go."
Fuji-Nee nods to herself.

Saber is still staring at the stuffed lion.

I don't know what sort of magic it had on it, but...
...A scene I shouldn't know about pops into my head.


...I know myself that it's something like dizziness.
But still, I cannot shake it off.

...Her own memories.
An event that really did happen in the past.
Saber, rubbing her cheek against the lion, looks like a girl her age should.
I don't know if this is just a momentary thing.
All I know is that I find this dizziness special.


The strange illusion disappears quickly.
...But my heart rustles.
I feel like the illusion I caught a glimpse of is engraved in my head like a scar that never goes away.
"Fuji-Nee. It's fine that you eat apples, but eat your requirements. Those oranges you bought... there's still a boxful of them."

"Aw, I remember that now.... Uhh, I'm tired of eating oranges."
Fuji-Nee says this, digging her fangs... I mean, her teeth into the apples.

"What do you mean, you're tired of eating them? Remember I was against it? Even though there's only me, Sakura, and you, you bought nearly 10 mochi and 3 boxes of oranges.
You buy too much just because it's New Years. There's still a box left even though it's February. If you let it rot, I'll make you pay for all of it.

"Ugh. ...I'm just asking, but, how long does it take for oranges to rot?"
"Oh, about 2 weeks to a month in normal temperatures. They're almost out."
Well, I kept them in the ice room, so they should be good for a bit longer.

"Gah, so now's the time to eat and time to rot?"
"...Fuji-Nee. Never live by yourself. Food poisoning is scary nowadays. Check the expiration date on your food and watch out for fish in the summer."

"It's fine, I'll just come to your place when that happens.
You can just give me the leftovers."
"...I won't give you leftovers, you idiot.
You eat a lot. If you're going to come and eat, I'll prepare some for you too."
I avert my gaze and start preparing dinner again.

"Hm. Then I'll make lots of money and give you money for food.
You're good-for-nothing like Kiritsugu-san, so I expect you'll be always in trouble for money."

"Keep talking. ...Anyways, why did you get so many oranges? You should know Sakura doesn't like those kinds of fruit, and I don't eat much either."
It's a good opportunity, so I ask her a question I've been wondering since the New Year.

"Hmm, I don't know. Oh, but Orange-peko sounds good, right?"

...Well.
I guess it was stupid of me to hope for a logical answer from Fuji-Nee.
Yeah.
She might really make me cook an apple pie.
Dinner is almost prepared, so let's escape for a while.

"Hm? Where are you going with your apron still on, Shirou?"
"Um, just to the entrance. Tohsaka isn't home yet, so I'm thinking of going to take a look."

"Wow, you're thoughtful, Shirou. Yeah, Tohsaka-san's a girl, so she'll probably be happy to be greeted by you."
I don't know what she's happy about, but she sees me off cheerfully.

"......"
...Dammit.
Now I really have to go outside.

"Well, I'll go around the neighborhood once."
I take off my apron and head to the entrance.
And then.
The door to the bathroom opens with a sound.

"Shirou? Are the preparations for dinner fine?"
"[r]
"
A brief silence.
It's obvious who this person is, but it's really hard for me to say her name.

"Shirou...? Why do you seem so astonished? I do not think so, but did something go wrong with the dinner preparations?"
"No, nothing like that, but..."
I manage to reply in a surprised voice.

"...?"
She tilts her head.
Her hair at her shoulders sways.
Her golden hair is wet and different from usual.
No, her hair isn't the only thing that's different.
The girl in front of me looks like her age, and appears cute and weak to anybody's eyes.

"I see. You were taking a bath, Saber."
"...? You were the one who insisted I do so...?"
"Oh yeah. ...Do you like baths?"
"Yes. I discovered that when I became a Servant. Previously, I could not take a bath because of the people surrounding me."

Saber says this with a girl-like face.
It must be because she does not have her hair braided.
There's no gallant masculine aspect to her at all.

"Please go ahead if you are washing yourself as well. It is cold tonight, so the hot water will feel good on your body."
Saber goes to the living room, saying goodbye.


...I'm at a loss for words.
I knew from the start that Saber was a girl.
But stillthe sword suited her, and I admit that as well.

Even so, this is cheating.
...I saw Saber's naked body yesterday.
I could not consider it as reality because I was so surprised, but today is different.

"...She's a girl."
I hit the back of my head against the wall.
Not knowing what I want to do, I blankly stare at the ceiling.

"This isn't good. I think this is really bad."
I lean onto the wall and murmur.
The coldness of the hallway clears my mind and my usual self returns slowly.

And, after that.
I still could not figure out at all what was so bad about it.
Preparation for dinner ends, and the time is past seven.
Fuji-Nee and Saber are in the living room, and only Tohsaka is absent.

"...I wonder if something happened to her outside."
I don't think Tohsaka is the type to make that kind of mistake, but I think she does make big mistakes sometimes.
"I guess I'll go take a look."
I should be fine by myself if I'm just going to go search around the house.

I exit into the hallway.
The instant I try to leave, the door opens and Tohsaka in her coat arrives home.

"Tohsaka."
"I'm home. What, are you greeting me in an apron? You look pretty good in it."

Tohsaka makes that humorous comment without even twitching her brow.
...She's scary.
People who can put on a serious face while joking are the scariest.

"Tohsaka, what were you"
As I try to ask her what happened, I notice the blood on her hand.
...A small stain of blood and a swollen index finger.
Could that be...?

"Tohsaka. I'm going to guess about something bad."
"What? I won't listen if it's anything stupid."
"It's not. Have you punched someone?"

"Correct. I gave that annoying Shinji some knuckles."
Tohsaka snorts and passes by me.

"......"
I see, some knuckles for Shinji.
Now I understand the blood on her hand and the swelling on her fingerhang on!!!

"Hold on, hold on, hold on! What do you mean, you punched Shinji!?"
"You're being loud. He was being annoying, so I beat him up."

"Beat him up... you mean, with bare knuckles?"
"Bare as it can be. A grizzly bear, too."
Tohsaka snorts again.

"......"
"......"
A brief silence.
I don't know what to say, so I just shut my mouth and cause an awkward silence.

"...Let's get back to the main subject.
You said you punched Shinji, but why?"

"It's only natural I punched him. He was talking about things like me joining him, and you being useless so I should give up on you.
He said stupid things after calling for me, so I punched him to make him shut up."

"......"
No, isn't that a little too short-tempered, Tohsaka?
...Or could it be?
Did Shinji say something stupid enough to even piss off the ever-calm Tohsaka?

"...Why are you looking at me like that? I'll say this, but I'm the victim here."
"No, both sides are equally responsible, right?
...But still, why would Shinji say something like that to you? He said he wanted me to cooperate with him."

"Who knows? Maybe he thinks of you as a rival or something. He was acting weird ever since I told him I was living with you."

"What!? Tohsaka, you told him about us!?"

"Yeah, I did. I think it was yesterday morning. Shinji called me and said proudly that he became a Master like me now. He pissed me off, so I told him that you were the same too.
I thought he learned his lesson, but he was waiting outside my house for me a while ago."

"So, I told him I'm living at your house now and I didn't have any intention of cooperating with a half-assed Master like him... what, was that bad?"


That's generally bad.
Shinji is very conscious of Tohsaka under normal circumstances, so this is like pouring oil onto a fire.

...Well, but still... I see, I get it now.
I understand why Shinji only saw Tohsaka as the enemy, and why he kept asking her to cooperate with him.
In a word, he

"But it's strange, isn't it? I wonder why he's so fussed up about me. Judging from his personality, I wouldn't expect him to want to cooperate with anyone."
No.
It's because Tohsaka Rin is important to Matou Shinji.

"It's not strange at all. I think you're a special person for Shinji.
His was a family of magi originally, right?
ThenI think he admired you since you were of the lineage of a magus family like him, and you still retain the blood of it."

That's why he's persistent about Tohsaka.
I think Tohsaka Rin has been a target of his affections from even before this Holy Grail War started.

"WHAT!? ...Well, I am a bit happy about being liked, but still"
It must have been a real surprise, as Tohsaka stands pondering.

"...Oh, I remember. Come to think of it, Shinji asked me out when I was a first year."
She makes a terrible "gah, I forgot about it" reaction.
...I'll sympathize with Shinji, just for now.

"Whoa, no wonder he never gets enough of talking to me. I understand now."
"...That's fine. So, how did you reply?"

"Oh, I think I rejected him.
I can't stand it if I'm not the first to make a move in a contest.
It's like I can't get in the mood unless I'm setting the mood, or like I don't feel like it if someone else starts a match."

Tohsaka ponders, as if she really doesn't remember.
I'm shocked.
She must really live following only her feelings.

"Tohsaka. You suck at rock, paper, scissors, right?"
"Huh!? Wait, how do you know that!?"
...As I thought.
Of course, if she likes to make the first move, she would be weak against a later move.

"Use the soy sauce for that, Saber. Don't put mayonnaise on it, even by mistake."
"I see. Well, I saw Taiga do so, so I thought I should as well."

"......"

"Fuji-Nee is just playing around. She's not much of a reference, so be careful from now on."

"...I see. I was referencing Sakura before, so you never warned me, but..."
"No, I'm not angry. I worked hard to make it, so I just want you to have it at its best. So, getting back to the original conversation..."

"......"

"Shirou, I'll take seconds. Give me lots of stuff in my miso soup."
"All right. How about you, Saber? I bet you're hungry since we worked harder today."

"Not really. But I will take another just in case."
"Yeah, go ahead. If you also started recklessly raiding the fridge at night because you were too hungry to sleep, I'd die of shock."

"......"

"Hey, that's terrible. I told you that wasn't me. It was some burglar that raided the fridge."

"Then could you tell that robber that she shouldn't just eat meat, but that she should eat vegetables as well? And tell her not to finish off all the desserts in the fridge as if that's what she was after. Geez, she's like a hungry animal or something."
"What!? Don't call me a tiger!"
"Whoa, I didn't call you that! Ow, hot! Don't throw the hot white radish, you idiot!"

"......"

"Shirou. It seems the pot in the kitchen is boiling."
"Huh? Oh, hold on Fuji-Nee, I need to turn the fire off."
"All right. Bring me some chicken and boiled egg in soy sauce quickly."
"Roger. Then keep Fuji-nee company, Saber."
"Yes. Please do not rush your cooking, Shirou."

"......"

I get up.
...Oh yeah.
Why has Tohsaka been quiet all this time?

"Tohsaka? Does dinner taste bad?"
"No. It's nothing, so don't talk to me."
She looks away sullenly.
...Hmm. She's not the kind to drag that thing about Shinji out this long, so maybe something has irritated her.

Dinner ends as usual and Fuji-Nee goes home satisfied.
Saber and Tohsaka are in the living room.
It was an awkward mood before, but since I've trained with Saber for the past two days, it doesn't feel awkward anymore.

"Saber, you can go to bed. I'll do the rest."
"No, I will stay awake until you go to sleep. I would also like to learn from Rin how skilled you are in magic."

"I see. Then let's go to Tohsaka's room a bit earlier than usual. You don't mind, Tohsaka?"

"No, I don't mind. But you are getting along much better with Saber."
...?
For some reason, Tohsaka says this with the same displeasure she had when we were eating dinner.

"I'll be waiting in my room, so come when you're done cleaning up.
...And I'll also be skipping school from tomorrow on. So come to my place in the afternoon."
Tohsaka leaves the living room, still in a bad mood.

"Shirou, did you do something to Rin? She seems angry."
"Did it seem that way to you too?
...I don't know. I didn't do anything to anger her."

We both look at each other and tilt our heads.
We have no idea why Tohsaka's angry.
"Then to start with, go ahead and 'strengthen' this lamp.
You just have to strengthen the glass on the outside."
She hands me an antique lamp.


I sit down.
I take a deep breath, holding the lamp in both hands.
Tohsaka speaks so easily, but I'm rigid all over with tension.

Even though I do it every night, the reality is that the success rate is below 0.1 percent.
Tohsaka says she'll study the extent of my strengthening to determine the level I'm at, but she won't be able to do even that if I fail at the strengthening.


That's no good. I shake off my idle thoughts.
I concentrate my mind on the lamp.

The blueprint of the lamp emerges.
I could draw a diagram of the glass's material, shape, and even the flow of strength that would correspond to blood vessels in humans.
So all I have to do now is to put my magical energy into those blood vessels.

...I just have to do as I always do.
The feeling of driving a burning metal rod into my backbone.
All I have to do is stick that incompatible burning nerve into my body and familiarize myself with it.
Once that succeeds, all I have to do is pour in the correct amount of magical energy for the glass and

"Oh"
I broke it.
I must not have been able to control it, as I put more than the proper quantity of magical energy into it, and as a result, the glass breaks easily.

"......"
I look up at Tohsaka timidly.
"...As I thought. I thought this might be the case, but it really was."
Tohsaka's shoulders slump.

"Hm? What do you mean you thought so?"
"Isn't it obvious? I'm just dumbfounded by your lack of talent...! First of all, you don't have the basics down. Geez, I'm impressed you can produce magical energy with such a ridiculous method!"

"...Tohsaka. Are you angry?"

"Of course! I'm amazed you've kept training with such basic problems, and I even want to kill your teacher for not correcting you.
Why are you taking such a long route...!?".

"...Hm. I don't get what you're saying, but don't insult my father. It's my fault that I don't have any talent, so my father has nothing to do with it."

"Of course he has something to do with this. If you take an apprentice, it's the role of the teacher to correct the student.
...Well, you're right that it does no good to take it out on someone who's already gone, but still, your teacher got the first step wrong."

Still angry, Tohsaka takes out some kind of a can from her bag.
It looks like a can filled with candy drops, something foreign children treasure.
I've seen a lot of imitations in Japan as well.
That thing that has several varieties of candy, and the white one being the mint.

"Hold out your hand, Shirou."
"...?"
I put out my hand.
Tohsaka shakes the can and takes out a reddish candy drop.

"All right, swallow that."
"...?"
I put it in my mouth as instructed.

"...It's not sweet.
No, it has no taste actually.
And this feeling... it feels more like rock than candy.

"...Hmmm..."
I forcibly swallow it down.
"Oh, ouch. My throat hurts. What was that, Tohsaka?"

"It's a jewel, of course. Couldn't you tell by looking at it?"
Straightforwardly.
Tohsaka says something outrageous.

"A jewel, why...!?"
"I can't help it. I prepared some medicine too, but that sort of thing won't work if I want to fix you. So I decided I'd just have to open the switch with the strongest one I have."

"No, that's not the point...! Why are you making me swallow a jewel!? I can't digest something like that!"

"...Hey, now. If you're going to worry about things, you should be worrying about something else. It's not a normal jewel, you know?
What I gave you just now is an enforcement tool that will let you find out about what you didn't know up until now. It should start melting right about now, so be prepared, or you'll faint."

"Why are you telling me I'm gonna faint with"
Just as I say that...
The abnormality hits me.

"!?"
My body is burning.
The feeling in my limbs goes numb.
A lump of heat that can only be described as pain enters my back.
I have to concentrate my mind at my forehead and squeeze it, or I won't be able to stay standing.

"What... is... this?"
I know it.
I know this feeling.
This is a failure.
This is the reaction that happens in my body when I fail to construct a Magic Circuit inside me!

"It's all right. It must be painful, but it should gradually get better if you can maintain that condition. Well, the burning feeling will continue for about two or three weeks though."
...I want to answer her back, but I don't have the energy to do so.
All I can to is try with all my might to stay standing.

"Okay. The difference between a magus and a human is whether they have a switch or not.
You should know that this switch is the toggle for the Magic Circuit.
See, there's an electrical pot that can boil water. A magus is just like that. And a normal person is a pot that can keep the water warm, but can't boil it.

"We are similar, but different.
The question of whether one has the switch or not is beyond the grasp of an individual.
When we are bornno, when we are made, we are separated into insulators and kettles. A person without the switch will never be able to experience magic.

"All right? You're an amateur, but you definitely have a Magic Circuit.
So that means you have the talent. So if you make the Magic Circuit within your body even once, all you have to do after that is to toggle the switch.
You just have to press the switch and switch between on and off to produce magical energy."

...I calm my breathing.
As Tohsaka says, it seems the situation won't get any worse if I calm myself down.

"You only have to make the Magic Circuit once. But you're trying to make the Magic Circuit from scratch and build it into you every time.

"That's just a waste. If you establish it in your body even once, all you have to do is to switch to it.
...Usually, a magus who establishes a Magic Circuit next receives training to switch to it.
But your teacher didn't do that. That's why you're building a Magic Circuit and risking death every time.
...No, maybe your father made the same mistake as well."

I breathe out.
The feelings in my limbs slowly return.

"As you've trained the wrong way for a long time, your switch is closed. If that's the case, all we can do is to open it by force and let your body know that there is a switch."

"See, the jewel just now is something that forces the switch to turn on. So you'll be like that forever. If you want to return to your original state, you'll have to turn it off with your own power.
If you can do that, you won't need the jewel's help anymore. After that, you should be able to handle the Magic Circuit with a simple mental operation."

"...I get... that... but..."
Can't I do anything about the heat in my body?
And she talks about this switch, but what am I supposed to do?

"What, you can speak already!?
...Hmm, you're good at controlling yourself. Then maybe you can return to your normal state rather quickly.
The switch will automatically turn off as your body tries to calm down and tries to get comfortable again.
All you have to do is hasten that process with your will. See, it's easy, right?"

"...No... like I said, I don't understand at all.
You say a switch, but I don't feel anything like that."

"It'll be like that now, but you should be able to get a clear image eventually. It'll be like a button in your head. So all you have to do is switch it on, and you'll be able to open the Magic Circuit easily."

"...I hope so. I just feel really sick right now..."

"I assume so. You always shut your Magic Circuit after you used your strengthening magic, right?
It's the opposite right now and your Magic Circuit is open the whole time. It's like running full speed all the time, so it's naturally painful.
But that's an essential requirement to be able to call yourself a magus. If you're going to fight as a Master, toggling the switch will surely help you out."

"...I know. It was a surprise, but I'm thanking you. You're right. If I can feel this switch thing, it will certainly be a bonus."

"...You understand pretty well. But there's no need to thank me. I'm just helping you because I'm in trouble if the person I'm cooperating with is weak."
Tohsaka looks away.
It must be because my body is burning.
Blankly, I think that the embarrassed Tohsaka is cute.

"...What? What are you staring at my face for?"
"Nothing. I just thought you're not honest."

"...I see. You must have excess energy if you're able to say such things. I can continue teaching if you have that much energy, right?"
Tohsaka approaches me, smiling.

"...Uh."
Hold... on.
Hey, I can barely move my body right now.

"So, try your 'strengthening' again.
You shouldn't be able to control your magical energy right now, but you'll be of no use if you don't get used to that condition.
"It's all right. I brought lots of lamps. I don't know how many times you'll screw up, but I won't let you rest until you succeed in strengthening."

Smiling, she hands the lamp to me, still barely able to move.
"...Uh."
Whoa... this is like telling someone with a 40 degree fever to walk on a long tightrope...

"...Geez. I didn't think I'd give up before you did."
Tohsaka blames me with her glare.

"...I'm sorry."
"My predictions were too optimistic. I never thought you would break all thirty.
...Sorry, but that's it for today's training. There's nothing to use to measure your strengthening any more."

"...Ugh."
But I did try.
I tried hard with a body that's burning like I'm in a boiling kettle.
I tried hard, but it's just that the "strengthening" failed in spite of that.

"...Um. If it's just the glass breaking, you can fix it, right? You fixed the broken glass window before."
"It's impossible. That was something that broke normally. This broke because it couldn't endure your magical energy. Remember that it's hard to affect something that carries the magical energy of another."

"Hm, I see."
"Yeah. ...Don't worry and go rest. I'll call it enough to have turned your switch on today.
I'll teach you the rest when you're able to control it."

"...Phew. I'm glad I can rest, but what will you teach me after this?"

"You can only use strengthening, right? You said that's all you can use, so then, you might be able to take it up to the next level and use 'transformation'.
Have you ever been taught about strengthening, transformation, and projection magic?"

"Hm."
...A little.
Strengthening is used to strengthen something, as the word suggests.
People tend to think of strengthening as hardening something, but it actually strengthens the object's effect.
For example, swords will become sharper and lamps will become brighter.

I don't think I need to explain too much for transformation, either.
For example, you can't create a fire with an edged weapon.
That which attaches abilities beyond the normal effects is called transformation.
And projection I think was

"...? What was projection, Tohsaka? I remember my father talking about it often."

"You know about strengthening and transformation, right? Then I would think you'd naturally know what projection is.
Well, in short, it's magic that reproduces something.
It's not magic that elaborates on something that's already there.
Basically, it's magic that constructs something from nothing, so it's the hardest."

"Oh... but magical energy is used only once, right?
So something made with 'projection' disappears quickly.
Comparing a 'projected' sword made with ten magical energy and a 'strengthened' sword with one magical energy, the 'strengthened' one is stronger.
You only need to work on something that's already there, so strengthening is more efficient.
In that light, projection uses too much magical energy, so it's not a magic that's widely used."

"...Oh, I remember. I think my father was saying something like that. He said something about not doing it because it wasn't worth it."

"That's it. All right, let's finish up if you're done asking questions. ...You seem rather unsteady, so I'll at least take you to your room."

I let her accompany me back to my room.
And Saber is waiting for me at the doorway.

"Well done, both of you."
"......"
I don't even have the energy to respond.
I answer with just a nod and enter my room.

"How is Shirou, Rin?"
"Bad. He's really bad. He doesn't have the talent."
It's a merciless statement, just like Tohsaka.

...And then, when I notice, I'm looking up at the night sky.
Tonight, I didn't run away because I felt uneasy about Saber.
I'm just feeling the night wind, finding my burning body and the things Tohsaka taught me impossible to manage.

"...But once I'm really able to use this switch thing, then the problem is only the procedure.
I'm worried about the future if I'm failing so much at the easiest magic of strengthening..."

I murmur and start to put my magical energy into the plank I brought out from the shed.
A cracking sound.
The strengthening failed as I expected, and the wood has a crack in it.

"...I can even see the structure inside of it, so why can't I control my magical energy?"
Tohsaka said I'm straining too much.
She also said it's fine with just a small amount of magical energy, so I should just think about enforcing the weak spots in the object.
...In short, does she mean I should ease up a bit?

"...I already know that without having to have her tell me."
The problem is, I don't have any way to ease up.
It would be great if there was some good way to relax and
"......"
Footsteps that seem to seep into the night.
This presence rudely approaches me for the second time.

"...What? I don't have any business with you."
"I feel the same way. But it seems Rin is worried about you, so I could not overlook it."

"......"
I throw the plank away, glaring at Archer.
And then, Archer picks up the plank as if he's interested in it.

"Strengthening magic, huh? But it sure is badly done."
"...! Huh, I know I'm just an amateur. I feel bad for putting extra work on your Master."
"No, that is not it. Even Rin is mistaken on this matter."
"Huh...? What do you mean by"

"Huh, work on something that is already there? That's aiming too high. You are not skilled enough to do such a thing."
"Wha...!"

He's saying what he likes when I'm letting him...! ...But he is so correct, I can't answer.
It's true that I'm unskilled, and it's my fault that I cannot succeed at the magic.
It's no good taking it out on this guy.

"What? You don't have the energy you did last night?"
"Shut up. I just stopped talking because you were right.
It's all my fault for not being skilled enough."

I look away.
I don't know how he took it.
"...Hm. Maybe you are unlucky with your teachers in a way."
Archer says so as if he's amazed.

"Huh...? That can't be true. My father and Tohsaka are good at teaching, so it must be me that's a bad student."

"That is why. For you, a magus that doesn't know anything would suit you better.
A genius cannot understand the agony of an ordinary person.
Rin is too good a student to realize the mistake of a dropout."

"...?"
I don't get what Archer wants to say.
I don't get it, but to guess from his words...

"I don't get it, but I think you're looking for a fight."
I'll take it right now, free of charge.
"That is a mistake as well. Emiya Shirou is not fit for fighting.
Because your fight is supposed to be a mental fight, a fight with your own self."

"Hm... you're saying that a fight between magi is a mental fight, right? I already know that. But still, a fight has to be exchange of blows."

"Geez. Saber will be in trouble if you are like that."
Archer looks down at me seriously.
In his eyes are things I haven't seen before... real dejection and anger.

"Listen carefully because I will only say this once.
Look. Emiya Shirou has no chance of winning if it comes down to fighting.
None of your skills will be any use against a Servant."

"...!"
That's something Saber said to me.
She said that no matter what kind of clever scheme I use, Emiya Shirou has no chance of victory in battle.

"In that case, at least imagine it. If it is an opponent you cannot match in real life, beat it in your imagination.
If you cannot beat it yourself, imagine something that you could beat it with.
After all, that is the only thing you can do."

"Wha"
I don't know why.
But it feels like Archer's words naturally pass into me.

I should not forget those words.
I think that what this man is saying is something that should never be forgotten

"...There is something wrong with me advising someone I need to kill. I guess the kindness of Rin has transferred to me."
Archer disappears suddenly.
Archer was just supposed to keep watch.
I bet he jumped back onto the roof where it's fit for keeping watch.

"...What's with him?"
I complain at the guy that disappeared.
There's no reply.
Ruminating on the words that linger horribly in my head, I feel the cold winter air on my burning body.
I get back to the house.
I decide to keep it a secret that I met Ilya.
I know it's something that I should tell her about right away, but I still don't want to tell her about it.

The Ilya I met at the park wasn't a Master.
I talked with Ilya about trifling matters and we parted in a trifling manner as well.
So I'm hesitant to tell others about what happened today.
...I feel guilty since it's like I'm hiding something from them, but it's because I don't want to think of the Ilya I met today as my enemy.

After eating lunch with Saber, we continue to train at the dojo. And before I know it, it's time for dinner already.
I rest my tired body and take a bath to wash my sweat off.
And when I go to the living room, dinner is prepared.


I'm a bit moved.
It's nice having dinner ready without me doing anything when I come out of the bath.

"Emiya-kun, it's dinnertimewhat are you doing standing there like an idiot? Is it dementia?"
But.
Why does she have to say something that totally destroys the moment?

"Nothing. Dinner, right? I'll eat it gratefully. Where's Saber?"
"Mn? I guess Saber-san went to Shirou's room. Didn't you see her? That's weird, she was here until a second ago."

"Maybe you two missed each other since this place is as complicated as a hotel. All right, I'll go get Saber, so you should go to the bathroom again. Your hair isn't completely dry yet."

"Oh, you're right. Sorry, then I'll leave Saber to you."
I wave my hand to Tohsaka and return to the hallway.

As Tohsaka said, the Emiya house has many paths because of the aimless reconstruction.
The worst one is the route to the bathroom, and it really is like a hotel because you can get there from my room or from the living room.

I enter the bathroom.
I don't like hair driers, so I'll use the towel I used before.

In an instant.
I forget everything that happened today.

"Shirou."
I hear a voice.
The figure in front of me is saying something.

"It seems you are here to take a bath again, but I am using it at the moment. It would be helpful if you could reserve yourself for now."
She says so without hesitation.

"Uh, uh, auh, ah."
I have to explain.
I know I have to explain to her that this is an accident, but my head is totally blank.
After all, this had enough impact to make me forget everything that happened today.

"S, s-s, s-s-s-s-s-s-"
"Shirou, have you been in the bath too long? Even your ears are red. If you would like to cool down, you should go to the porch."
"Uh, yeah, I'll do so. But I have to apologize first."

I look away from Saber and calm my pounding heart.

"This was an accident. I wasn't trying to look at your naked body. No, I can't ask you to forgive me from the moment we met like this, so you can get angry at me."
"...?"
I say so while trying to look down and calming myself the best I can.

Saber thinks for a while.
"Shirou, please raise your head."
She says in her usual manner.

"Uh... yeah."
I raise my head as she tells me to.
"...!! Why are you still like that...!?"
In front of me is Saber, still as she was before.

"It is nothing you should apologize for. I would like to say that there is nothing you should be worried about just from seeing something like my bare body."

"Ahhuh?"
"I have told you before. The Servant's gender is meaningless.
It seems you are in a panic because you saw my body as a woman, but I am a Servant before I am a woman. So I believe such consideration is unnecessary."

"Wha?"
What is she saying?
No, even if Saber herself says that, it doesn't change the fact that she's really feminine.
...Or could it be?
I have an idea, but is it true...?

"...I'll ask, but don't tell me you're not embarrassed by people seeing your body."
"...? Why would I need to be embarrassed?"

I thought so.
...But even if she doesn't care, I'll definitely go insane.

"...I'm sorry. Anyways, I'm going to apologize. If anything like this happens again, you can do what you want with me."
I turn around 180 degrees and exit the dressing room awkwardly.

"...?"
Saber looks at me in her usual manner until I disappear.
Even after lunch, we do the same things.
I wholeheartedly exchange shinai blows with Saber.
The training that should continue until Tohsaka or Fuji-Nee gets home is...
...Interrupted by a doorbell to let me know a visitor is here.

"Shirou, it seems there is a visitor."
"Yeah, I heard it. I'll go, so please stay here."
"...No. There is a possibility that it is an unwanted visitor. I shall accompany you, just in case."
"Hm."
What Saber says is plausible.

...It is, but if the visitor happens to be a neighbor, there is a chance they'll get suspicious of Saber.
Because it's supposedly just me living in this house.
But....

"Well, what happens will be what happens."
Sakura and Fuji-Nee come here often, so I shouldn't start worrying about public image now.

"All right, come on, Saber. But please stay quiet if the visitor's a normal person."
"I know. I am to be your distant relative, is that right?"
"Yeah, that's good."

"Yeah, I'm coming!"
Hurried by the doorbell, I open the entrance door.

"Excuse me. I heard you were not feeling well, so I came to see how you were doing, Emiya."
Instead.
The visitor is not some enemy or some neighbor, but a friend from school.

"Oh, it's just you, Issei."
"It's rude to say that. Is that an appropriate attitude to take towards a friend who has come to see you?"
Complaining, Issei hands me a paper bag.

"Hm? What's this? Apples?"
"It's a get-well gift. When the person who usually never gets sick is absent from school, I should at least bring something."

"Hm."
I'm grateful for his concern, but I'm not absent because I'm sick.
...And also, it seems wrong for a young student to bring a bag of apples for a sick friend.

"What, Emiya? Don't you like fruit?"
"Oh, I like them. Yeah, it's complicated, but I'll accept your good intentions."
I bow in appreciation.

"...Emiya. This is a sudden question, but who is that woman behind you?"
"Huh?"
That said, I turn around.
Of course, Saber followed me here.

"Oh"
I see. Issei must have seen Saber when I bowed.

"...It is not someone I've seen before. Why is such a woman at your house?"
Issei stares rudely at Saber.
He's really bashful in front of strangers and he can be really coldhearted towards strangers or people he dislikes.

"Uh, well, she's called Saber and, um..."
"I am a distant relative of Shirou. I was treated kindly by the master of this house, Kiritsugu, when he was in my country.
I came to sightsee here the other day, and I am staying here thanks to my relation to him."

"Huh?"
Saber smoothly delivers a convincing story.

"So you're an acquaintance of Emiya's father? I hear he loved traveling. I am sure he would have had the chance to meet someone like you."
"What!?"
Ryudou Issei, who's supposedly bashful around strangers, easily accepts the fact.

"I see. I understand your situation, Emiya.
Your sickness is just an excuse and you were showing her around, right?"

"Uhyeah. I guess you could say that."
...Yeah, I guess I'm not lying, on the grand scale.

"Then you won't mind if I intrude. Get me some tea in appreciation for me bringing it back. Let's talk about what has happened at school these past two days."
Issei comes in, taking off his shoes.

"...? What do you mean by appreciation? I'm busy, you know?
Let's talk some other time."
"What are you saying? You left your bike outside our place, right?"

"Oh... yeah, I left my bike at the Ryudou Temple."
"Yes. So I brought you your bike.
Even though I was busy, I went straight home without attending the student council and came here. Are you saying you cannot even give me some tea for that?"

"Ugh."
That's certainly helpful.
Even though I have 3 bicycles, the one I left at the Ryudou Temple is the most expensive one and my favorite.

"...Sorry, Saber. Can we take a little break?"
Saber nods silently.

"Sorry. Could you guys go to the living room? I'll go prepare some tea. Japanese tea for Issei and English tea for Saber, right?"

"Wha... I-I am joining as well!? I-I do not know about that. I do not think you will be able to talk freely with your friend if I am there."

"That's not true. Right, Issei?"
"Right. Girls are loud, but Saber-san is fine. Humble women are a part of our cultural heritage."

"See. So please go ahead."
"Uh... yes. I understand, but Shirou..."

"What? Is there something else?"
"Could I have Japanese tea as well? I do not dislike Japanese tea."
For some reason, Saber says so clearly.
It feels a bit weird, her saying that in her usual manner.

We talk about meaningless things for an hour, then Issei decides to go home.
The conversation we had in the living room was mostly about school, and I asked him tentatively if there was anything strange going on, but it seems school continued as usual.

"I'll see you. Will you be skipping tomorrow as well?"
"Yeah, I can't go to school this week. I have to be with Saber tomorrow again."

"I see. Well, there shouldn't be any problems if you are with that girl. There are suspicious aspects, but they don't even need to be considered."
Issei nods to himself.
...Come to think of it, how was it possible for this guy, so bashful around strangers, not to hate Saber?

"Hey Issei. You were in a good mood even though it was your first time meeting Saber. What's up with that?"
"What are you saying? I grew up in a temple. What would I do if I couldn't tell good from evil? I do not know her origins, but her spirit is pure. She cannot be a bad person."

"Wow. So you can tell that sort of thing? I'm a bit impressed."
"...Well, I can't normally. But even an amateur can tell if it's that great.
Even a monk in training will notice divinity if a Buddha stands next to him. In other words, Saber-san is that beautiful."

...This is rare indeed.
Issei is praising a woman.

"I see. So you like Saber too."
That's good.
I was worried Issei wouldn't like her since all she did was sit there and listen silently.

"Of course. She's a good girl. It's hard to dislike her."
"Yeah. I see she's a good girl, but she's a little antisocial, right? She's always like that, so it doesn't mean she dislikes you."

"Huh? Is she antisocial?"
"She is. She hasn't laughed yet. She's always had a troubled face, even when we were laughing and talking about Fuji-Nee."
"No, she was smiling quite a lot."
"Huh?"

That's ridiculous.
It's true that Saber looks peaceful sometimes.
But when I haven't yet seen her smile even once...!?

"You're lying. I can't imagine Saber busting her sides with laughter."
"...No, it's not like that.
She was smiling when she saw you smile. Didn't you notice?"
?
She was smiling when she saw me smile...?

"...Um. Does that mean she was making fun of me...?"
"I see, you interpret some things rather oddly.
But you should torment yourself on that issue. Everything starts from questioning yourself. Kah!"

With his usual comments, he leaves laughing.
"Hmwhat does he mean?"
He leaves me with only suggestive comments.
At least say goodbye to me, you idiot.


The sounds of the shinais echo.
The substance of the fight is the same as always.

I attack desperately, while Saber blocks my blows easily and counters with an attack twice as sharp as mine.
I manage to block it, attack even stronger, and losewe are repeating the same match over and over.

"HaHaa, haa, hah."
I stand still and breathe deeply.
Wiping the sweat off my forehead with my arm, I calm my breathing.

"What are you resting for? You would not have given up at this point yesterday. Here, come attack me."

"Nohold on. I need to catch my breath. Let's rest a bit."

"What are you saying? If you will not attack, I will just attack. You do not mind that?"
Saber stares at her bad student.
But I cannot move my body to my satisfaction, even if she looks at me that way.

"...Sigh. What has gotten into you, Shirou? You are like a different person from yesterday.
Your blows that came straight for me were the only thing that amazed me, but I do not feel any power from you this morning."

"...I know that myself, but... I just can't do too well."
Well, uh, the situation is too different from yesterday.

"Is the heat in your body still present? But it is no good if your performance decreases just because of that. Please cool down a bit and calm your mind."

"No. Before that, do something about that thing."
I point to the observer by the wall.

"What? Don't mind me and just continue your training."

"......"
Tohsaka doesn't understand at all.
When she's staring at me like that, I can't concentrate on fighting with Saber.

"You are worried about Rin? That proves even more of your lack of training.
"...I understand. In that case, I will make it so that you will not worry about observers."
Saber grips her shinai hard.

"Whoa, hold on Saber, my breath isn't"
"There is no problem. You should fix such a problem during battle."
Saber disappears from my view.

"!"
The instant I realize this is bad and block my face, Saber's shinai hits me right on my head.

...And so, the training this morning was severe.
I wasn't worried about Tohsaka watching after I got knocked out once. As I devoted myself to blocking Saber's blows, it was lunchtime before I knew it.

"But man, Saber really is calm.
You didn't even twitch your brow during the whole three hours you fought with Shirou. You don't talk much normally, but it's even more true when you're in a battle. It feels like you're a machine or something."

Tohsaka is in a good mood, I think because she saw me getting beat around a lot.
The two are in the living room, resting.
As for me, I'm preparing lunch by myself as a punishment for not being serious this morning.
...Geez.
I want to cut corners and finish quickly by making something like white noodles.

"Machine-like...? I see, I have never been conscious of it, but I may be turning off my emotions while I wield the sword. It must be the same even in training."

"Hmm. Could that be in preparation for holding a sword even though you're a girl? Like, not losing in spirit because you're inferior in physique?"

"That is incorrect, Rin. Being calm is part of readiness for battle, but that should be no different for a man or a woman.
Even you should shut down your emotions during battle. You are the kind who is able to."

"Hm... you're pretty direct. Well, it's true, though.
But yours is definitely different from mine. I only shut out my generosity. I can't be as objective as you are."

"It seems so. That must be why you are so gorgeous.
You keep the elegance of a woman even during battle."

"What, is that sarcasm? I can't beat you in gorgeousness. ...I'll admit it since Shirou is way over there, but I was fascinated by your beauty when I first saw you."
...No, I can hear you, Tohsaka.

"You must have been misunderstanding. If my figure looked gorgeous, it must be that my class of Saber looked gorgeous."

"That's not it. I just felt like I've lost as a woman. ...I wouldn't have been so shocked otherwise."

"...I am saying that you are mistaken. I have never thought of myself as a woman, and I have never been treated as one.
It cannot be true that I am gorgeous."

Saber's comment stops the conversation.

As I use the kitchen knife, I feel irritated by Saber's comment.

"...I've been wondering for a while, but just what does she think she is?"
I take a big swing at the chicken meat.
For some reason, I'm getting annoyed.

I have never thought of myself as a woman

"Heh. It's none of my business...!"
I strike hard at the cutting board with my knife.
But doing so doesn't make me feel even one bit better.

"These are today's task.
We've got more than yesterday and you seem calmer today, so you should succeed."

I don't know how she brought them here, but Tohsaka brings out about forty lamps.

"I'm going outside. I'll be back in a while, so finish up by then."
Saying goodbye, Tohsaka leaves the room.

"Sigh."
Well.
Yesterday night was bad, so I should at least succeed at one or two tonight.

"...Phew. Half done, for now."
It took me one hour to try "strengthening" on about twenty lamps.
Half of them broke, and the other half showed no change.
But out of the ones that didn't break, five of them had magical energy successfully channeled into them. All I have to do now is to challenge the twenty that are left, but

"...... Hold on. Maybe five is enough as a test?"
It seems like all the lamps are antiques.
I feel bad about breaking any more of them.

"...Hmm."
Yeah, I should
Let's go and get Tohsaka.
I shouldn't break any more lamps.
...Well, I don't think that's much of an excuse for someone that already broke forty lamps...

"Hey Tohsaka..."
There's no reply even when I call out.
...That's weird, maybe she's not in the house.
The only other place Tohsaka could be is

"...There's someone in the shed."
It seems Saber and Tohsaka are inside, talking.
"Hey, Tohsa"
As I raise my hand to call out to her...

I feel a chill run through me.
...I think it was a wave of Tohsaka's magical energy filled with enmity, that came flowing out from the shed.

"!"
The voice that was calling out to her stops.
...It seems Tohsaka is so irritated that I can feel it from way over here.


Their conversation can be heard.
Without realizing it, I'm eavesdropping on them.

"Just who is he?"
Tohsaka murmurs in a tone that could be angry or horrified.
Saber is standing silently behind her.

"I can't believe it. Saber, you knew about this...?"
"...No, I did not know. I am a knight, not a magus. There was only an odd feeling here, so I do not understand the situation as well as you do."

"I see. Then I'll tell you. He's not a magus at all."
In a voice filled even with hatred,Tohsaka spits those words out.

"...Rin. What does that mean?"
"Just like it sounds.
Magic is an equivalent exchange after all. No matter what kind of magic it is, it can only bring what's elsewhere here to use it."

"...But this is different. He's bringing something that comes from nowhere. He's forming something that should not exist here.
That can only be a concept that violates reality.
His magic is probably a deteriorated version of that one magic."

"......"
I don't understand what Tohsaka is talking about.
But this is something that I should not be listening to.
...I get away from the shed.
I'll be lying to Tohsaka, but I should return to the room and pretend I was waiting for her return
No, I'll stay here obediently.
Tohsaka must have gone outside for a reason, so I should handle the part assigned to me.

"...Right. After yesterday's mistakes, I should succeed at as many as possible today."
I face the lamps with renewed spirit.
There's twenty more left. I should finish them up before Tohsaka gets back.
It's two o'clock.
There's no sign of Tohsaka returning, and I diligently finish the task assigned to me.

"Oh, phone call."
The phone is ringing far away.

"...It's the living room. Tohsaka iswait, it's a call at my place, so she shouldn't answer it."
I don't think it's important, but I can't just ignore it.
I get up and head to the living room to pick up the phone.

There's no one in the living room.
Saber and Tohsaka must be somewhere else, like in the yard.

"Yes, this is Emiya."
"Hey Emiya. It seems you're absent again today. Are you sick or something?"
As soon as I pick up.
I hear Shinji's voice, mixed with hidden laughter.

"Shinji? Do you want something? I don't think there's anything to talk about."
"Don't be angry. I just called to tell you something."

"...Tell me something...?"
"Yeah. There's something I needed to tell you, but you never came to school.
I don't want to wait any longer and I can't stand it, so I contacted you. ...So, is Tohsaka there?"

...Shinji's tone is strange.
I can't tell much from just his voice, but he sounds like he's really excited or pressured.

I can hear students in the background, so he must still be at school.
It's past two. It must be break time right after the fifth period.

"Hey, I'm asking you, Emiya. Is Tohsaka there or not?"[r]
"...She's not here right now. She's gone at the moment."
"Oh, that's great. I wanted to talk just between us. I'll tell you something good, so come to school now. Keep it a secret from Tohsaka, of course."


I don't know how to answer.
Shinji is acting strange, and anyway, we're already talking.
There's no need to go to school, and going there without telling Tohsaka would mean betraying her.

"No. I'm sorry, but I can't go to school. If you have some business with me, wait until next week. I'll go back to school after the weekend."
"...Huh? What are you being so selfish for?
That's too late. I just told you I can't wait any longer...!"

Shinji screams at me.
He must be excited as I can hear his heavy breathing even over the phone.

"...Huh. I guess you're thinking a bit. You're right, there's no way you'd come by yourself now. This call sounds too strange no matter how you take it. I guess even you found it strange."
Completely changing, he laughs.

"Hold on. Calm down, you're acting weird. I don't know what happened, but"

"Ahahahaha! Don't lie, Emiya. It's Tohsaka, she would have told you everything. You don't have to hide it. You're right, you're Saber's Master. That means you're a better murderer than I am...!"

Shinji sounds cheerful.
...I've known him for five years now, but I've never seen him this high.

"Shinji, you..."
"Anyways, I'll be waiting at school. Hurry up, Emiya. You should make it in time for sixth period if you leave now. It's Fujimura's class, so there won't be a problem if you're late."

"No, even Fuji-Nee would get mad if I was late. And if I go there for only the sixth period, I get the feeling I'd be scolded more than if I skipped the whole day."

"That's your own fault. Oh, and if you tell Tohsaka, I'll really end our friendship. I let you go about Sakura until now. You can at least fulfill your duty as a friend in the end, right?"

The conversation ends there.
The phone is repeating a boring beeping sound.

"What's with him?"
...But what should I do?
I haven't been able to find Tohsaka in the house, and if I'm going to school, I can't take Saber.
Still, I'm worried what Shinji will do if I refuse his invitation.

He seems distraught after being refused by Tohsaka last night, and he might hit Sakura again if I leave him be.

"...Right. It's still light out, so there should be no problems."
If that's decided, I should hurry.
I'll make it for sixth period if I run.

There's no one at the school gates.
As it's classtime, it looks from outside like the school is empty.
There must not be any PE classes at the moment, as nobody is out in the yard either.

Well, this will all change in a little while.
School's over once sixth period ends.
The schoolyard and the gate should be filled with students.

I reach the third floor.
Of course, the hallway is empty as well.
Class is in session, and it feels a bit awkward walking to class C like this.

"...Well, it's not like I'm completely visible, so let's hurry to the classroom."
Class C is down the hallway.
This class by the stairs is class H, so I'll have to walk past five classes to get there

"Eh?"
The dizziness hits me suddenly.
It attacks my whole body with nausea.
"Haguh."
My stomach crawls around.
My senses are reversed.
My vision is filled with crimson.
As if blood has seeped into my eyes, everything in my vision tints red.
"Haah, guh...!!"
The temperature hasn't changed, but my body is strangely hot.
"What... is this!?"
My feet tremble.
I can't put any power into my body.
I'm weakening like an hourglass, unable to stop it.
It's as if I'm breathing out my insides with every breath.
"Kuh, ...!"
I'm suffocating.
My throat hurts.
Could it be that the oxygen has disappeared from the hallway, no, from the whole school?
As if urged by my gasping lungs, I lean against the wall and open the window unconsciously.
"Wha?"
My mind freezes.
The scale of the situation erases even my confusion.
Outside the window.
Around the schoolyard is a field of red.
It's as if only this school is cut out, surrounded by a red world.
The school building is an altar covered by a red canopy.
And with that, finally...
I understand that this is "that kind of a thing".
"!"
I move away from the window.
Holding my wobbling legs firm with my will, I enter the classroom in front of me.
Inside is the result.
There are no students sitting in their chairs.
All the students are on the floor, and the teacher that was probably standing on the platform is lying on the ground as well.
They are still breathing.
Everyone is convulsing as if asking for help.
There are no fatalities yet.
It's just that they don't have the power to stand up, and they'll soon rot away.
Seeing their miserable condition on the floor...
...I even think that they look like scattered garbage.
"Ahguh"
My nausea gets stronger.
But I deal with it calmly.
I observe the students on the floor.
Even though it's hard to breathe, it doesn't mean they can't breathe.
If they are only weakened, I can still save them if I hurry.
And the instant I check the face of a student nearby, a sound goes *click* inside my head.
"The... skin..."
It's melting.
Not everyone, though.
There must be individual differences, as the most weakened students are starting to have their skin melt away.
Oozing.
Inflamed arms like a keloid, and eyes that look like that of a dead fish.

I know this.
I know a scene like this.
"Stop."
This is just hell.
I know it from a long time ago.
"So, stop."
And so, eclipsing fear,Anger overtakes my body.
"...!"
My left arm throbs.
The Command Spell on my hand tells me an "enemy" is nearby.
"Hah, ah...!"
I run, still breathing hard.
My mind has already gone insane.
"Hey Emiya. Thank God you look better than I thought.
How is it? Do you like this idea?"
Across the hallway.
Matou Shinji is standing right in front of class C.

My arm throbs.
The Command Spell tells me that the man standing there is the cause of this.

"This is your doing, Shinji?"
Unable to breathe properly, I stand there and glare at Shinji's distant figure.
...He must really like how I'm acting.
Shinji spreads his arms exaggeratedly and laughs aloud in the red hallway.

"That's right. I knew you were here, so I quickly activated the boundary field. I had trouble getting the right timing, you know? You'd have run away if I did it too early, and we'd have met up if I did it too late.
As for me, I wanted to see you go pale, so I didn't want to make this too simple."

"I see. So you were lying about having something to talk about."
"Talk? That starts now. I have to show Tohsaka which one of us is superior, and I also have to apologize for lying to you.
See, I didn't tell you, but I'm the one that set up the boundary field at school."

Ahahaha, Shinji laughs cheerfully.

That...
Makes me realize from the bottom of my heart.

"Huh? You're not as surprised as I thought you'd be. What, I told you the boundary field wasn't mine, but I guess you didn't believe me. ...Haha, that's great. That means for once, even you didn't believe someone!"
His laugh drills into my skull.


I'll make this clear, but I'm surprised enough.
I was only prepared for the discovery that the Master who constructed the boundary field was either Shinji or this other Master.

That's all.
This is the result of the optimistic view.
Back thenas soon as I figured out Shinji was a Master, I should have settled this matter.
So this is my mistake.

"...Shinji, why did you set up something like this? Were you lying when you said you had no intention of fighting?"

"Nope, it's true, isn't it? I didn't intend to activate it either. This was only for negotiation.
If I set a bomb, Tohsaka won't attack me so readily, and it can be my trump card in case something happens."

"...I see. But Tohsaka said the boundary field needed a few more days' preparation. Was her estimate wrong?"

"Heh, I knew she'd think like that. The boundary field is not complete, but its shape is already there, you know? There's no problem just activating it.
Well, the effect is lower because of that. It should take at least a few more minutes to kill anyone."

"Stop."
The nausea has already gone away.
I say so, staring directly at Shinji.

"Stop? Stop what? Don't tell me you're telling me to stop this boundary field. That'll be such a waste. I can't just stop something I've already started."

"Stop. Do you know what you're doing?"

"...You're annoying me. Are you ordering me around?
This is my power. The only one who can decide whether or not to stop it is me, and if you want it stopped, isn't it logical to at least kneel and beg to me?
Geez, you and Fujimura, you guys don't know your positions."

"Hey. What about Fuji-Nee?"

"Huh? Oh, Fujimura? She could move pretty well after I activated this boundary field. Everyone else was falling to the ground, but she was still wobbling, you know?
And she came to me, still upright, and told me to call for an ambulance. It's amazing, wouldn't you say she's a model teacher?"

"But I shouldn't call for something like that, and I don't even want to. That Fujimura kept clinging to me and it got annoying, so I kicked her and she ended up not moving at all!
Hahaha, in that state, I think she'll die first!"


I've switched over completely.
Tohsaka said something about pushing a switch in my head, but it's not like that.
Clang.
A hammer strikes in my head and the inside of my body completely changes.

"This is your last warning. Stop the boundary field, Shinji."
"You don't get it, do you? The more you ask me, the less I feel like stopping the boundary field. If you dislike it so much, why don't you stop me by force?"
"I see. Then it's simple."
So basically.
I need to stop him before I can stop this boundary field.

My body leaps.
My body is burning like a fire.
There's less than twenty meters between me and Shinji.
For me right now, that will only take an instant.
My body is full of energy vastly higher than when I have a Magic Circuit inserted in me.

"Ha, you really are stupid!"
The shadow wiggles.
The shadow settled in the corner of the hallway starts to take form and move.
A sharp edge made of black.
Like a guillotine to cut anything that approaches Shinji.


I don't know what kind of magic it is.
There are three shadows.
With that number
There's no need to stop.
No matter how strong it may be, it's useless if it can't hit me.

The three sharp edges approach me.
"You're the stupid one, Shinji...!"
An attack like this is easily avoidable compared to Saber's attack!

"Wha...!?"
I pass through the opening between the three shadows.
There's nothing dangerous about them.
I felt no threat in the shadows.

So there's no problem.
Saber has taught me that if it doesn't make me sense death, I should not hesitate.
I can't block them myself.
No, I can manage to avoid them.
But if I am to dodge and attack Shinji, I don't know if my body will move well enough to do so.

The three sharp edges approach me.
"Fuh...!"
I stop in my tracks and concentrate on avoiding the attack, while watching Shinji.

Taking a step to the left, I dodge the edge that jumps to stab my stomach.
I turn my upper body to avoid the second one that tries to assault my chest from the left side, and avoid the third attack that reaches for my forehead by taking a step forward.

"No problem, I can see them clearly...!"
Such attacks are like dodgeball compared to Saber's attacks.

"Damn...! You're insolent...!"
He fires three shadows once again.
I don't even need to keep watch this time.
I know its range and speed now from the first attack. I can avoid them with no trouble!

I pass through the opening between the three shadows.
There's nothing dangerous about them.
I feel no threat in the shadows.
Saber has taught me that if it doesn't make me sense death, I should not hesitate.
"Shinji!"
I close in on him.
There're no shadows to protect him.
A few more steps, if I close three more meters, I can

"Stop, don't come near me...!"
Shinji runs away.
The instant I reach out to his back...
"!"
I feel a chill run through my whole body, and I quickly withdraw my extended arm.

Something cuts through the air.
A sharp black edge cuts through the space I was in a moment ago.

"...!"
I stop.
I don't know where it came from, but in front of me...

...Is a woman in black who makes even the red seem faint.

"Ah"
My mind stops in fear.
I'll be killed.
I don't want to think about it, but an image of my head being ripped off pops into my head.
This is...
...A sense of death that the previous shadows cannot even compare to.

"G-Good, Rider...! Don't restrain yourself, you can do what you like with him...!"

Rider's figure becomes vague.
I
I have no chance of winning against a Servant.
I'll certainly be killed if I fight.
So all I can do is to beat Shinji before that and make Rider retreat...!

"Hah...!"
I kick the floor, not being pushed back by Rider's pressure.
There's only six meters to Shinji.
If I can avoid Rider even once, I'll be able to run and get Shinji...!

The Servant in black stands in my way.
I concentrate my senses to her every move so I can react to any attack.
Her target is my left side.
Her left fist made a small motion. I manage to dodge her first attack, go through the space between Rider and the wall, and run toward Shinji.

Her figure disappears.

"Eh...?"
My plan to go through the opening is meaningless.
Rider's figure disappears from my view in an instant, and in front of me is an open path.

This is bad.
I have to stop myself.
I screwed up. Saber told me that many times, but I still did not get it.
I can't go forward.
I can't face Rider.
Even if it's just one blow, I shouldn't have made a plan that required me to dodge a blow...!

The impact comes from behind me.
Rider, sticking to the ceiling like a spider, stabs my afterbrain with a blow following a crescent track.

"Phewbuh..."
Air leaks out from my neck.
The movement of Rider's arm was really beautiful.
It had grace as if it were touching a daffodil.
With a movement of fingers that would not cause even a ripple in water, she has taken away my life.
"Ha, ahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
What is that!? You're just like a specimen sample! That's awesome, your neck is making great sounds...!"
"I have gone easy on him. I believe he can still be saved if you heal him."
"...Hey, what are you doing, making choices on your own? Who said to go easy on him? ...Geez, Servants shouldn't give opinions to their Master."
My blood flows out.
No matter how much I move my lungs, I can't breathe in and my throat only wheezes.

"Then you have no intention of saving this person?"
"Nope. First of all, I can't use any healing magic. He's just going to die, so let him be at ease."
"I understand. I shall not melt him in my boundary field. I shall quench my thirst directly."

A heavy metallic sound echoes.
...My body is lifted a little.
"...Ah."
...She is staring at my bloody neck.
The Servant in black opens her mouth delicately and...
...Bites into my neck as if kissing it.

My blood is being sucked.
My already scarce blood is sucked up by Rider, not leaving a drop.


My mind starts to fade.
...This bloodsucking is like euthanasia.
I feel no pain, and as if slowly being melted by spider's poison, I
"!"
I retreat instantly.
Now is not a good time.
I have to regroup, and make Shinji stop the boundary field after that

"Gah...!?"
I desperately retreat, not knowing what's going on.

"Ha, ah, ah...!"
My vision turns white from fear.
I don't even know what I'm scared of.
But I raise my hand, still not knowing what's going on, and block my neck.

"Zu...!"
A sharp object is thrust into my arm.
The dull sound that scrapes my bone tells me I will be killed next.

"Hah, kuh!"
I run.
I don't even have time to turn my back.
I cover only my vitals with my hands and retreat desperately.

"Hihgih...!!!!!"
The sound of cutting echoes through the hallway.
With an annoying sound, the sharp object cuts my body apart.
My vision is blocked by the spray of blood coming out of my body.
Beyond it...
...Is Rider coming at me at a speed I can't even see.

"Gih...!"
Every time I get cut, a voice that doesn't seem like my own escapes my mouth.
But I still continue desperately to retreat, saving my life from numerous fatal blows.

"HaHah, hah, ah!"
I don't know what I'm doing.
My arm is blocking Rider's dagger.
My clothes are ripped apart, and my flesh is as well.
But it must still be working as a shield as it desperately blocks the blows coming at my neck, forehead, and heart.

Force of will is not there.
My body reacts to Rider's blow purely from not wanting to die.

"AhAh, ha"
I'm already out of breath.
I'm only running because I'm being hurried by the presence of death in front of me.
I will just run out of strength, get caught, and die.

"Guhah!"
That's why she told me.
She told me not to fight against Servants, and that I would be no match for them.
Even though I listened to her, whywhat am I doing now? I have to catch Shinji quickly and have him remove the boundary field, so what am I doing!?

"What are you doing, Rider?
That's enough. Just kill him now. He won't be able to do anything anyway."
Shinji's voice is filled with triumph.
Nodding, Rider swings her dagger in a large arc.

A blow directed at my head.
I cannot dodge it.
All I can do is to stop it hitting a fatal point.

"...!"
The dagger stabs me in my shoulder, right below my collarbone.
A loud metallic sound, and the cluck of a tongue.
"Huh...?"
What is this...? The end of Rider's dagger is breaking apart

"This is surprising. I cannot kill him with my dagger."
Rider stops.
In the instant that I consider how to make use of that opening...
"Then, die falling."
I feel an impact like being hit with a sledgehammer, and I'm knocked out the window.

"Gah"
I only took a roundhouse kick to the stomach.
But that blows my body away and I'm thrown out of the window.
It's the third floor.
I should die from loss of blood even without anything, so falling from this height should finish me off.

No, I should have died the moment I received the blow that flung me a few dozen meters.
"Ah."
I reach out.
Maybe I'm not falling yet, or it's just an illusion.
My body is still in the air.

"Ahh..."
I reach out my arm, as if to cling onto something.
The sky is red.
The school building is throbbing as if it's the stomach of a living thing.
Am I...
...Going to die overlooking something like this?

Like this?
Like this?
Like this?
Like thisam I going to die selfishly, unable to save anybody!?

"Why"
I grit my teeth in vain.
I cannot beat her. I cannot even be a match. I knew that, but I made a mistake.

I don't care about the pain in my body.
I'm just going insane from the anger.
This is the result of...
...Saying I can handle things myself, and saying I won't let Saber fight.


I was the stupid one.
I can't save anyone by myself.
If I really wanted to end this war, there was just one thing to do from the beginning.

He said it.
If I am to not fight anybody, not kill anybody, or not let anyone kill...
That if I realized I was wrong, I should decide what to correct and what to punish.

And so.
On my arm, reaching out as if to grab the heavens, is the Command Spell waiting for my order
"Please, come."

I murmur as if praying.
I don't care about my life.
But only to stop the cause of this....
"NoI order you to come, SABER!!!!"
With all my might, I call for my sword.

A Command Spell disappears.
And at the same moment, a winding occurs in space.

It must have been sorcery.
Because Saber in her silver armor shoots forth from it, as if breaking through the ripple in space.

"Gah...!"
I fall to the ground on my back.

"Ahha, ah...!"
My breath stops.
My organs will explode from the impact.
A few of my ribs must have broken or at least cracked.

"Ah"
But still.
My body did not break apart, and my bloody arms are still attached.

"Shirou...!"
...Saber runs toward me.
Forcing my numb arms and legs, I manage to stand up to show her I'm all right.

"I don't have time to explain. You know the situation, right Saber?"
"Hold on Shirou. I understand, but first, your body needs to"
"Please go get Rider. Only you can beat her."

"No, your treatment comes first. You will die like this."
"That's wrong. There's something that needs to be done before that."
Forget about me, as we have to beat Shinji and Rider as quickly as possible.
Nothing takes priority over that.

"But that's..."
Saber is stubbornly worried about my body.
...I would be lying if I said I wasn't happy about it.
But we don't have time to argue.
If Saber doesn't want to, I'll just have to use my second Command Spell.

"...!"
My determination must have got through to her.
Saber accepts my decision.

"I understand. Please give me an order, Master."
"Defeat Rider. I'll get Shinji."
There's no hesitation in Saber now.
She nods silently and runs to the school building like the wind.
"Sa... ber"
I wish for her help.
In the space between the sky and the ground, in the sea of thought, like time has stopped, I wish upon the Command Spell on my left hand.

One more second until the ground.
Believing that she can overturn this death unavoidable by normal logic...
"Please come, Saber...!"
With all my might, I call for my sword.

A Command Spell disappears.
And at the same time, a winding occurs in space.

It must have been sorcery.
Because Saber in her silver armor shoots forth from it, as if breaking through the ripple in space.

"Master!?"
The silver armor runs toward me.
Saber appears suddenly in the school grounds, sees me falling before she is surprised by this event, and...
"Fu...!"
...Catches me just before I hit the ground.

"Ah... guh... Sorry, Saber. You saved me."
I manage to get onto the ground, still bloody.
Even though I escaped the fall, my body, lacerated by Rider, is way past its limit.

"Haah...!"
But I cannot fall down.
Forcing my numb arms and legs to move, I manage to stand up to show her that I'm all right.

"I don't have time to explain. You know the situation, right Saber?"
"Wait, Shirou. I understand, but first your body needs to"
"Please go get Rider. Only you can beat her."

"No, your treatment comes first. You will die like this."
"That's wrong. There's something that needs to be done before that."
Forgetting about me, we have to beat Shinji and Rider as quickly as possible.
Nothing takes priority over that.

"But that's..."
Saber is stubbornly worried about my body.
...I would be lying if I said I wasn't happy about it.
But we don't have time to argue.
If Saber doesn't want to, I'll just have to use my second Command Spell.

"...!"
My determination must have got through to her.
Saber accepts my decision.

"I understand. Please give me an order, Master."
"Defeat Rider. I'll get Shinji."
There's no hesitation in Saber now.
She nods silently and runs to the school building like the wind.
No, I can't use my Command Spell here.

My mind hesitates for an instant.
As I'm an unskilled Master, the Command Spell is a trump that I can only use three times.
Right after I calmly analyze that I can't use it without giving it more thought...

"?"
I fall on my back.
I fall onto the ground, after being kicked off the third floor.
It's fatal. Well, it's effectively fatal.
I blocked my fall to avoid hitting my head, but it would have been enough to break every bone in my body.

"Why?"
I'm bleeding.
A ridiculous amount of blood is pouring out of me.
But it's all coming from my chest.
My back is fine, and I've endured the impact of the fall, so why?

Why is such a strange
                          thing
                             sticking out of my chest?

"Haguh."
My chest is open.
Something like the blade of a sword is bursting from inside my chest to outside.

It's as if a bomb was set in my body and it went off from the impact of the fall.
"SaSaber"
I don't know why.
My chest has holes in it.
Like a rib sticking out, a group of swords is sticking out from my stomach.

My body starts to melt slowly while I blankly stare at it.
"AAh. Quick, I have... to... stop it"
My body won't move.
The miracle that cured even that blow from Berserker doesn't seem to have any effect on these swords.

My thoughts are being cut apart.
Even if I want to use the Command Spell, my left hand has already melted.

"......"
I breathe in just once.
The air I breathe in is painful.
And coughing up regurgitated blood, my heart stops.
I run up the stairs.
Rider and Shinji are on the third floor.
I can tell from the Command Spell's reaction that Shinji is still on the third floor.

The instant I get to the third floor, sparks fly out.
"Rider...!?"
I couldn't see it, but Saber must have seen Rider attacking from above and deflected her attack.
"Shirou, I will defeat Rider here.
Please take care of Rider's Master...!"

She doesn't need to tell me.
Saber won't be beaten by Rider.
That's something I'm sure of from fighting Rider and knowing even a little about her power.
Saber's power vastly exceeds that of Rider.

"I'll leave it to you...! But don't go too far. It'll all end if I stop Shinji...!"
I pass Saber and run.
Rider's dagger instantly comes to kill me, and Saber attacks to deflect it along with Rider!

I run through the hallway.
In front of me is Shinji, completely flustered.
"...I guess I'm at a disadvantage barehanded!"
A long object that can serve as a weapon, likethe mop in this locker...!

"Trace, on."
I pass my magical energy through it as I run.
Perhaps I don't have any other thoughts or I don't have enough energy to do anything else.
But I "strengthen" the plastic mop as naturally as breathing.

The shadows move.
Even though I'm hurt so badly, I don't feel any sluggishness in my body.

And on top of that, I have a weapon now.
So...

I don't even need to dodge them now.
I smack away all the shadows attacking me using the mop.
The mop breaks, but that's to be expected from a weapon so hurriedly constructed.
And besides, there's no need for anything like that when I'm this close.

"Shinji!"
"Hii!"

I punch him straight on.
My slashed arm hurts so much that it almost knocks me unconscious.

I punch Shinji in the stomach and drive him against the wall.
"Guh, you...!"
Shinji reaches out to fling my arms off.
I kick his arms away without hesitation.
Even I can't control myself.
I take the arm that I kicked and ram it against the wall, and break it.

"Ahiaaaaaaaaaaaaa...!!"
I can't hear Shinji's scream too clearly.


...Crap.
I'll faint if I let my guard down.
I have to hurry, while my body can still move

"Hii...!"
I grab Shinji's hair and push him up against the wall.

"Scream later. Stop the boundary field right now, Shinji."
"W-Who are you kidding. Who would listen to... your..."
I take my other arm and grab his throat.
Drips.
The blood soaked into my clothes stains Shinji's body.

"Then I'll just kill you before the boundary field. I don't care which it is. Make up your mind quickly."
I put power into the hand grabbing his throat.
It must be because of the magical energy flowing through my body.
I feel like I'd be able to break this neck.

"Hayou're lying. You wouldn't be able to do that. A-And I haven't killed anyone yet. I just had everyone share their life with"
"Okay. Bye, Shinji."

I tighten my grip.
There's no hesitation.
Just a little sympathy.
It's because Shinji wasn't taught the basic rules of magithat there's no problem with killing other magi.

"H-Hold on! Hold on, all right, I lose...! I'll stop the boundary field right now...!"
"......"
I loosen my grip on his throat.

"Haa, haa, haa... damn it. ...Hey, Rider! Stop your Bloodfort!
Your Master's life's in danger...!"
Shinji screams to Rider in the distance.


There's no response from Rider.
But Saber takes a step back from Rider with those words.
Rider lowers her dagger and moves her lips slightly.

"...This is okay, right? I guess this boundary field is special, so it seems it's hard to reconstruct a boundary field somewhere she's already constructed one.
...I won't make another boundary field here, so let go."

"Who would do that? Since I won, I'll have you obey me. Shinji, get rid of your Command Spells. Then we'll never have to fight again."

"Whatdon't be ridiculous, how can I do something like that!?
I won't be able to control Rider if I lose my Command Spell. If that happens, I'll"

"You won't be a Master anymore, right? So you can just go to the church in Shinto. It seems it's a place that shelters Masters who have dropped out of the battles.
...Or what? Were you lying when you said you constructed this boundary field to protect yourself, and you actually constructed this to beat the other Masters?"

"...I didn't say that. I just thought that if I became a Master and worked with a Servant..."
He thought he'd be able to be a magus?
...But what would be the point even if he became one?

"This is it, Shinji. If you won't get rid of your Command Spell, I'll have that arm cut off. I hear you'll lose your right to be a Master if that happens."
"Huh...? Cut off my arm...?"

Shinji questions like it's a real mystery.
He's not faking it. It seems he really doesn't understand what I'm saying.

"Well, it's"
"Shirou, get away...!"
Saber's voice.
Maybe it's the result of training at the dojo, but my body reacts to Saber's voice before my brain.

I let go of Shinji and jump back.
And at the same time, Rider's dagger is swung through the space I used to occupy.

"R-Rider...!?"
"Please stay back, Master. We shall retreat from here."

"Please stay back, Shirou...! Rider intends to release all the magical energy she was using to maintain the boundary field...!"

"...!? Release her magical energy...!?"
Looking at Rider, she certainly seems strange.
Like the way she appeared here instantly when she was confronting Saber, and the chill she's releasing... Her pressure is much stronger now.

"R-Rider...!? What are you thinking? Don't do selfish things when you can't even beat Emiya's Servant...!"

"Yes, I certainly cannot match Saber.
But please be rest assured. My Noble Phantasm exceeds those of other Servants. No matter who the opponent is, they will not be able to stop my charge."

Rider raises her dagger.
"What?"
Everyone here lets out a voice of surprise.
For some reason, Rider takes her dagger to her neck and
Slashes it in one breath.

...Fresh blood splatters around.
Blood gushes out from the neck of the black-garbed Rider.

"W-What are you..."
Even her Master, Shinji, is surprised at her actions.
Even if Servants are beyond human, that wound is fatal.
Rider will lose large amounts of blood and will just disappear.

"...!?"
But that's just a needless worry for people who know nothing.
The splattered blood stops in the air and slowly forms a circle.

It's a magic circle drawn in blood.
A pattern I've never seen before.
A creature-like figure that looks creepy.
...A big lump of magical energy, created by Rider.
The boundary field Rider was supporting until now seems small compared to this.

"What...!? M-My body's being pushed back"
The huge amount of magical energy must be leaking.
My body is pushed back as if blown by a strong wind.

"Shirou, please get away...! Rider is about to use her Noble Phantasm. You will be in the way if you stand there...!"
Saying so, Saber pulls my body away by force.
Protecting me, Saber confronts Rider's magic circle.

"Are you planning to run?
If you will involve your Master in this as well, I will just defeat you here. I will not let you use that Noble Phantasm."

"...Fufu. Of course not. It is the role of a Servant to protect its Master. I am just going to run taking my Master with me.
If you do not like that, come after us, Saber."

"Wellthat is if you still have the will to fight after seeing this."

I hear a throbbing.
With a sound like flesh wrenching open, Rider's hair whirls up and

"...!"
"Shirou, please get down...!"

Dragged by Saber, I fall to the ground.
A loud sound and a flash.
I close my eyes at the raging wind.
But even with my eyes closed, I'm forced to feel it.
Something white passes by.
I feel like something is blazing through the hallway with great speed like a giant arrow of light


When I raise my head, the scene in front of me is the remains of cruel destruction.
Shinji and Rider have disappeared.
...The light just now wasn't aimed at us, but was probably just to escape from here.

My wounds hurt.
The firing hammer that was pulled inside me is released.
The heat flowing through me quickly fades away.

"Shirou...?"
I can't hear Saber's questions anymore.
In that manner, my consciousness falls into white darkness.
...I'm having that dream.
Maybe this is the image of "death" for me.
The closer I get to death, the more the scene that I don't want to see revives in my head.

A mountain of corpses.
People crumbling away.
A time when everyone wished for help, yet none received any.
That was painful.
It was so painful that even living was painful, and I even thought I would be at ease if I just disappeared.

With faint consciousness, I reached out for no reason.
I didn't reach out seeking help.
I just thought that the sky was a long way away.
...In my last moments, that's what I thought.

And then, my mind faded away, and the raised hand fell to the ground.
...No.
It should have fallen to the ground.

A big hand grasped the falling hand.
That person came into the fire to save anybody, and found me.

...I remember that face.
A figure of a man, with tears welling in his eyes, delighted from the bottom of his heart that he has found someone alive.
It was because he looked so happy...
...I even thought that he was the one that was saved, not me.

So.
Looking enviable even in my dying eyes, the man saved an unfamiliar child as if thanking something.

That was the turning point.
My weakness accepting death turned into the strength of a desire to live.
The mind that could not think of anything was filled with joy of being saved.
I moved my fingers with all my might, so as not to let go of the man's hand, and lost consciousness.

After that, I was in a hospital when I came to, and I received a visit from the man who saved me.

That was ten years ago.
Since then, Emiya Shirou just chased after Kiritsugu.
I could only think of becoming like him.
Not because I was saved.
It's just because I could not forget his face at that time, and I tried to acquire that illusion.
I ran, aiming to be like that.
Somewhere in my mind, I didn't want to realize.

That's rightthat one day...
Hoping about how much I would be saved if I could smile the way Kiritsugu did back then


...When I open my eyes, I am in my familiar living room.
The sound of the clock is awfully loud.
I seem to be sleeping on the floor and when I raise my arms, both of them are wrapped up in bandages.

"It's dark outside."
I push myself up.
The clock says it's already past 10PM.

"It's not 'it's dark outside', you ingrate. Isn't there something you should say when you wake up?"
"Tohsaka, I didn't know you were here."

"Don't say something like that.
I was by your side nursing you all this time, and that's your attitude?"
...I see.
I've done something bad.

"Sorry. My head's still not working. I can't think straight, but... thanks. I owe you one again, Tohsaka."

"! W-Well, it's fine since it's nothing important. You had such a bad wound, so I'm sure it's only natural for your mind to be hazy.

"...So, does it hurt anywhere? It seems the external wounds have already healed, but I can't tell about your insides. We have to heal the wounds if there's anything wrong, right?"

"No. I just feel dull, it doesn't hurt anywhere.
But"

I feel like I'm floating in the air.
I don't know how I came to be here.
I can't even remember what I was doing toda

"! Tohsaka, how's the school!? What happened to me after that...!?"

"It's all right, you don't have to worry about them. Kirei went to follow-up on the school.
He'll handle the repairs on the hallway and take care of the aftermath, so you don't have to think about it. He's a priest, so he'll get divine punishment if he doesn't at least do that."

"Him? Then, the school's..."
"It didn't end up as a serious matter. Many students were taken to the hospital, but none of their lives is in danger. Everyone's being treated for malnutrition, and they only have to stay there for a few days."

"I see, that's..."
Great.
The boundary field was stopped late, but that didn't mean I was too late.

As soon as I relax, strength escapes my body.
I take a deep breath and lean against the wall.

"...Then did Kotomine heal my body too?
Even you can't heal such wounds, right?"

"What are you saying? You healed them yourself.
It's just like with Berserker. Your ability to close your wounds is excessive... but you don't know anything about it, right?"

"Of course not. I don't understand at all either. I had a normal body until I made the contract with Saber."

"...Hmm. Maybe you just don't know, but could it be that one of your ancestors is a lizard?"
"...Hey now. Don't make such scary jokes with a straight face. This feels weird for me too. It's kind of like my body isn't my body."

"I guess it's fine. Whatever the reason, you've survived because of it.
You've been saved twice already, so I guess turning into a lizard is an acceptable bargain."
"...Tohsaka. Do you enjoy making fun of a seriously injured person?"

"You mean someone who used to be seriously injured, right?
Well, anyway, thank Saber. I don't know the reasoning behind it, but it's because of Saber that your body's like this."

"Oh."
That energizes my beaten-up mind.
The thing I have to do now.
There are words I need to say to her, asking for her help and being saved by her.

"Guh"
I get up quickly.
Moving causes pain throughout my body, but I can't worry about that.

"Tohsaka, where's Saber?"
"She's in the dojo. I'm going to my room to get some stuff."
Tohsaka heads over to the outbuilding with light steps.

"Ouch..."
My joints cry out in pain.
I bear it by gritting my teeth and hurry to the dojo.

I arrive at the dojo.
Saber is sitting Japanese-style by herself, as if meditating.

"Shirou...!? Are you awake!?"
Saber notices me coming in, stands up, and comes to me instantly.

"Sorry. I just woke up. So, Saber..."

"It is not 'sorry'! I have many things I need to say to you...! You accepted a call from the enemy without me, you tried to fight by yourself, and you did not take care of your body...!

"Do you understand that all of those actions were foolish actions that would have been fatal!? No, you really were almost dead. What enjoyment are you getting out of causing me so much trouble...!?"

"Uhwell, um..."
"What is it!? I will not back down because of lame excuses.
I will totally hear you out today!"

Saber flares up at me.
It's certainly an intense pressure, but seeing Saber being so emotional is rather pleasant.

"...I know. I'll tell you.
So let's talk, Saber. My body is fine, as it appears."

"Eh... Shirou, you are healed?"
"Yeah, I guess so. I'm alive for now."
"I seethat is good."

Where did that threatening attitude go?
Saber takes a relieved breath and smiles softly as if congratulating me on my safety.


...That really makes me realize... I made her feel so uneasy that even the expressionless Saber made such a face.
I wasn't relying on Saber.
But still, she accepted me as the person to fight with.

"!"
...I was the stupid one.
I didn't notice such pure trust.
And I could not even give her the simple trust of letting her fight.

"Saber."
I speak naturally.
I can stare directly at the person I was so embarrassed to look at until now.

"...Yes? What is it, Shirou?"
"I'm sorry. I was being stupid."
I bow my head.

"What... Shirou, please do not do such a thing. My previous expression was just a figure of speech. I was certainly angry, but there is no such need for you to apologize to me"
"There is. It's natural to apologize to you, as my partner.
I'm sorry I let you worry. As long as I'm with you, I will never fight alone."

"Shirou, that..."
"Yeah. Saber, please lend me your strength.
I can't beat the other Masters by myself. I need your help."

"...Then you will admit that your actions until now were a mistake? That it is my role to fight, and that you will devote yourself as backup as a Master?"


...No, that's wrong.
I am not mistaken in that regard.
I still don't want to see Saber hurt.
That's why I have forbidden her from fighting.
...That was the only thing I had wrong.
If I decided to fight with her, I should just have protected her with all my might

"...No. I don't think I was mistaken.
If you are going to protect me, I'll protect you too. I can't let you fight alone."

...Saber doesn't respond.
Cold air flows through the dojo.


...But this is one thing that I cannot give up.
I raise my head, thinking that I'll just need to beg her until she accepts it.

And then...
"...Sigh. That obstinate personality is just like you."
"Huh...? Um, Saber?"

"Honestly, there is no need to answer now.
I am your sword. Who else but me will be your help, Shirou?"
Saying that, Saber puts out her left hand.


With no sensible words coming to mind, I silently shake her hand.
...A certain feeling of a handshake.
A few days after we met, we finally exchange a real contract.

"...? Why are you two shaking hands?"
Hey.
Why do you have to show up with such timing...!?

"!"
We release our hands quickly.
"...? You guys are acting weird. Could it be that you two were having a secret conference?"

"No, that is not true. I was merely taking his pulse to check if Master's body was okay."

I'm dumbfounded.
Saber is offering a really suspicious lie.
...No, before that, why is Saber panicking too?

"Oh. You sure take his pulse in a strange way."
Tohsaka looks at Saber curiously.
Perhaps because she's not accustomed to lying, Saber starts to act even more suspiciously.
...I have to help her or we might end up in an even worse situation.

"Hey, what do you want? Didn't you say you were going to your room to get something?"
"Oh, yeah. Here Saber, this is it."
"Thank you. I am sorry for the trouble, Rin."

Tohsaka gives Saber a bag.
...Saber takes it with a happy expression.

"That's the last set, so be careful. Even if it was an enforced summoning, your clothes will scatter if you arm yourself by force."
"I am sorry. It was so sudden, I did not think that far ahead. But I am glad you had the same clothes."

"Yeah. It's a simple design like a uniform.
That Kirei, forcing me to wear these plain clothes. ...Well, it's fine since those clothes don't look good on me. Why are you so concerned with them anyway, Saber?"

"Shirou said they look good on me."

...Okay.
I don't understand the situation too well, but it seems that's the third set of clothes for Saber.
We don't have any women's clothes here, so that means Saber is borrowing clothes from Tohsaka.

"......"
But, um...
I'd prefer it if you two did your girl talk elsewhere.
I'm a guy too.
We were having a serious conversation, but if you talk about this sort of thing, I can't help but feel let down

Nothing much happens after that and Saber and Tohsaka force me to sleep.

Even though I regained consciousness, my body is still badly injured.
My arms were cut up by Rider so badly that I would normally have had to cut them off at my elbows, and my body is filled with cracks and strains from falling from the third floor.
I guess they share the opinion that I should sleep and rest for now, even though there are lots of things to think about.

"......"
But I have to settle things as quickly as possible with Shinji.
Shinji activated that boundary field without hesitation.
Even I know how dangerous it is to let such a Master roam freely.

"...Dammit... This is no... time... to... be... sleeping..."
Emptiness like dizziness.
...Only my mind is back to normal.
As soon as I lay down, my body demands sleep as it's still not fully healed.

"...Tomorrow... tomorrow, I'll"
...I can't rest like this.
Even if my body isn't fully healed, I have to go and find Shinji
...I'm dreaming.
It must be because my blood is hot and my body is pulsing.
I am reliving the scene I don't need to remember.

It's my oldest memory.
At the same time, it is a memory that can't be separated from me.
A scene from ten years ago that never goes away, even though I usually never recall it.
It's not that I forgot it.
It's not that I want to forget it.
For me, it is just something that has already happened.

So it's not something I feel pain over.
It's not something I feel particularly angry about.

What's past is past.
I cannot redo it, nor go back to it.
I have escaped from that scene and still continue to live.
All I can do is look forward.

...No one told me to.
I just vaguely thought like this ever since I was a child.
Not forgetting or denying the past.
The only way to make use of what has gone away is to acknowledge it

"Ahuh."
I wake up because of the burning heat in my body.
...How long was I asleep?
I guess I fell asleep while feeling the night wind, without returning to my room.

In the dim shed, there's me and

"...! Saber...!?"
"You have awakened, Shirou. I do not mind you escaping out of your room, but it is slovenly for you to sleep here."
There is Saber's figure, looking like she wants to complain to me.

"Oh, morning. Well, I was hot last night and went outside, so I guess I fell asleep then."

"I can tell. Please do not worry about excuses, but take more care next time. My position will be in question if my Master sleeps in a place like this."

"Ugh... sorry, I'll try to sleep in my room as much as possible from now on."
"If you understand, I am glad.
By the way, Shirou. Taiga has been calling for you."

"Fuji-Nee is? What would she want me for?"
"It must be about breakfast. It is already past time for breakfast."
"Ehwhoa, it's already past seven...!? Damn, I overslept...!"

"It seems so. It is unusual for you to wake up last. Rin's training last night must have tired you quite a lot."
Saber analyzes the situation calmly.
But I don't have that much composure.

"Sorry for making you wake me up, but could you go back first? I'll change and head to the kitchen too."
"Yes. Then I shall try to calm Taiga down as much as possible."

Saber leaves with calm footsteps.
But, calm down Fuji-Nee...? Saber has already adapted quite well to the mornings at our house.

I run into the kitchen.
Ignoring Fuji-Nee's vilification, I prepare breakfast in about five minutes.

"Sorry to keep you waiting. There isn't much time till school starts, so eat quickly."
I put the breakfast onto the table.
"Wha"
And then.

"What is this!!?"
Fuji-Nee explodes.

"What is this!? There's only toast! Shirou, why is this the only thing for breakfast...!?"

"...Hey now, I slept in, so it can't be helped. There's no time to make anything else. Anyways, a meal with bread is basically just this. We're just missing salad and egg, so there's not much difference."

"Of course there's a difference!
Don't the rest of you think so too!?"
Fuji-Nee asks Tohsaka and Saber, who are eating silently.
But she shouldn't be so optimistic.
Those two aren't as greedy as Fuji-Nee is. They won't agree with her.

"...You're right. I'm not Fujimura-Sensei, but I cannot forgive such laziness. I can only consider this an insult to the bread."
...Hey, hold on.
I thought you don't usually eat breakfast!

".........Sigh."
Whoa, what was that sigh that sounded like obvious disappointment!? Did your character change, Saber!?

"See, everyone agrees Shirou is the one at fault. It's decided by majority rule, so go and make a proper breakfast when you've repented your actions."
"I can't follow such an unfair match! First of all, you'll be late if I make something now. It's already seven thirty. You won't make it in time unless you run while eating, so I suggest you give up on that idea!"

"It's fine. If I have to choose between being late and being hungry, I'll choose breakfast."
"Don't do that! What teacher in the world would do that...!? It's fine, so eat and go to school quickly. I'll tell you this, but I won't be cooking any breakfast other than this."

"Hmmm. Geez, you're diligent in the weirdest places. If you keep talking like an old man, you'll become really old quickly."

"You don't need to tell me. I already have the tastes of an old man because of you, Fuji-Nee."
So saying, I start eating my toast.
...Well, it's true.
There is something desolate about having only toast for breakfast when there's this many people.
Good evening! This is the hint corner that supports all of you who want to die instantly, the Tiger Dojo!
I'm the senior student, Ilya!
The main storyline is almost up to the middle stage. Onee-chan is happy that Shirou is willing to fight.
But this choice is troublesome. Were you really listening to Saber-chan's advice?
Of course not! Saber and Rin's explanations are too long. I found it too annoying, so I skipped the entire training scene.
You stupid student.
Ouch... I-I'm sorry. It's just a small lie.
Geez. Look, unless you're in a lot of danger, avoid fighting a Servant head on.
There'll be a chance if you keep holding on. You should be patient for now, and let your opponent do as they wish.
Osu, I understand.
By the way, you push a stamp of something every time we come to this dojo. What is it?
That's called a Tiger Stamp. If you collect them, you'll feel good, and they're also a good way to see how much of the game you've completed already.
And if you collect them all...
And?
Your screen will be filled with paws!
Scary!
Kyaa! Perfect world!
So I can't be held responsible even if you go through lots of trouble to collect them.
So I'll be waiting at the next Tiger Dojo!
We'll be waiting!
Stop, Tiger! You ate the Fleur cake I hid in the fridge, right!?
Heh, it's your fault for keeping it!
Don't you know what expiration date means!?
Who cares! Just give me back my cake, you big tiger!
Fuhahaha, I cannot give back something I've already digested.
Actually Ilya-chan, that dissection-like red cake with tons of raspberries on it is bad taste.
Is that really Fleur cake?
Yeah. Its name is Rafflesia Umbrella.
It's a monstrous and deadly new product that uses the world's biggest flower, Rafflesia, as its motif.
I hear that to get the rotten smell, they use real Rafflesia flower instead of a rose.
Guh, no wonder the texture felt like steak.
...Fleur's management has reached its limit. It's in its closing years if a sweet store starts to make new products.
What? That cake wasn't good? It looked really red and pretty.
Uhh... Ilya-chan, we have to do something about your aesthetic sense first.
Well, the talk about cakes ends now!
We're starting Tiger Dojo, the corner that saves you people who yield to irrational choices!
Osu, all preparations are ready, master!
Yes. Then the state of your death this time is...
Oh, you died from falling. Even though you have this mysterious healing power, you'll die if you fall from the third floor.
Heehee. Incidentally, you would normally die from Rider's roundhouse kick going through your stomach.
Hmm... it really is Die Hard.
It's not strange for Shirou to be killed at any time, so if something like "use the Command Spell" appears as a choice, you should use it without hesitation.
So go back to the previous choice and redo the scene!
Summon Saber-chan quickly and beat that sexy battle Onee-chan!
(Sexy...!?)







