...I can't move from here.
I'm not obedient enough to follow her words and run away.
But I can't go after Berserker either.

I'm scared of going up against that monster.
But more than thatwhat can I do even if I go?

"Damnit."
I stand by myself in the dark.
...It's vexing, but I have no way to fight.
I can neither help Saber nor fight Berserker.
If there's anything I can do, it's run to a safe place right now.

"!?"
I hear unfamiliar noises from the top of the hillfrom the open area that Saber was flung into.

If I remember correctly, that's the foreigners' cemetery.
Saber and Berserker.
Their fight must still be going on.

"......!"
This is my final decision.
I
Tohsaka is right.
Saber drew Berserker away from here.
Then I should get away from this dangerous place and await Saber's return

"Haa... Haa... Haa..."
I passed the bridge from Shinto and ran straight home.
I never looked back as I ran.
I don't know if I was scared of the unknown pursuer or if I felt guilty for leaving Saber behind.
...Anyway, I desperately ran here.


...The living room is just as I left it.
The air has been motionless ever since Lancer attacked and Tohsaka came here.
I go near the restored window.
I find two small pieces of glass on the floor that Tohsaka must have overlooked.

"...There's no crack in the glass... I wonder how Tohsaka made up for these pieces."
I murmur to myself.
...I don't know why, but I don't feel like turning the lights on.
I hide in the darkness as if to hide my weakness.

"......"
What I should be thinking about.
What I should say.
I'm running away from these things.
...The people that were here until a few hours ago.
The people who were by my side until a few minutes ago.
I have to ask myself if it was right to leave them behind, but I can't bring myself to get out of the dark.

The wall clock points to three.
...It's been thirty minutes since then.
No matter who won, I'm sure the battle is over now.


I should go back.
When I raise my head to turn the lights on and cheer myself up...
A sharp pain runs through my left hand.

"...The Command Spell...?"
The color has faded from my Command Spell.
Even though the shape is still there, the bright light that proves I am Saber's Master has disappeared.
I understand instinctively what that means.
"Saber...!"
I follow my instinct and run out from the darkness.

I run outside.
I won't make it now.
I know I can't make it, but I start to run back...
And I'm stabbed in the heart by some unknown thing.

"       ,        "
...I can't hear too well.
I can tell there's someone in front of me, the one who stabbed my heart, but I can't see very clearly.

"       ?    ,     "
The one in front of me sneers and tells me I am stupid.
The one in front of me is laughing that I have no way of surviving without my Servant.

"Oh, ........"
...That's right.
Emiya Shirou will be killed the instant Saber is lost.
As I don't have a way to protect myself, I have no way to survive without Saber.

But I didn't realize that, and I secluded myself.
This is the result.
It doesn't matter if I'm in the house or if I run away somewhere.

"Guh"
...My mind starts to fade.
I don't care who it is or what I got stabbed by.
It doesn't matter if I die today or tomorrow.

Because...
The instant my Command Spell lost its brightness, my life was lost as well
I can't be a burden on Saber.
I can't do anything even if I follow them, and Saber should be able to run away if she's by herself.
Saber got Berserker away from here.
If she was protecting me, I can't stay in this dangerous place forever

"Haa... Haa... Haa..."
I passed the bridge from Shinto and ran straight home.
I never looked back as I ran.
I don't know if I was scared of the unknown pursuer or if I felt guilty for leaving Saber behind.
...Anyway, I desperately ran here.


...The living room is just as I left it.
The air has been motionless ever since Lancer attacked and Tohsaka came here.
I go near the restored window.
I find two small pieces of glass on the floor that Tohsaka must have overlooked.

"...There's no crack in the glass... I wonder how Tohsaka made up for these pieces."
I murmur to myself.
...I don't know why, but I don't feel like turning the lights on.
I hide in the darkness as if to hide my weakness.

"......"
What I should be thinking about.
What I should say.
I'm running away from these things.
...The people that were here until a few hours ago.
The people who were by my side until a few minutes ago.
I have to ask myself if it was right to leave them behind, but I can't bring myself to get out of the dark.

The wall clock points to three.
...It's been thirty minutes since then.
No matter who won, I'm sure the battle is over now.


I should go back.
When I raise my head to turn the lights on and cheer myself up...
A sharp pain runs through my left hand.

"...The Command Spell...?"
The color has faded from my Command Spell.
Even though the shape is still there, the bright light that proves I am Saber's Master has disappeared.
I understand instinctively what that means.
"Saber...!"
I follow my instinct and run out from the darkness.

I run outside.
I won't make it now.
I know I can't make it, but I start to run back...
And I'm stabbed in the heart by some unknown thing.

"       ,        "
...I can't hear too well.
I can tell there's someone in front of me, the one who stabbed my heart, but I can't see very clearly.

"       ?    ,     "
The one in front of me sneers and tells me I am stupid.
The one in front of me is laughing that I have no way of surviving without my Servant.

"Oh........"
...That's right.
Emiya Shirou will be killed the instant Saber is lost.
As I don't have a way to protect myself, I have no way to survive without Saber.

But I didn't realize that, and I secluded myself.
This is the result.
It doesn't matter if I'm in the house or if I run away somewhere.

"Guh"
...My mind starts to fade.
I don't care who it is or what I got stabbed by.
It doesn't matter if I die today or tomorrow.

Because...
The instant my Command Spell lost its brightness, my life was lost as well
Hi, this is the Tiger Dojo!
Since this is part II, everything has been changed...
...Huh?
It's not different at all!!!
Well, the game is in its second arc.
The shocking route of Tohsaka-san has started. Do you have anything to say, Ilya-chan?
Ouuu... I'm sorry I lied to you...
Yes. Repent of your misdeeds.
It does look like the title changed, but it's the same on the inside. Rather
...Everyone's jumping about in part II. Is someone trying to steal our roles?
Probably. Unlike me, you aren't that fascinating as a character.
We should put the focus on me and make Taiga a guest
Well, about this dead end!
Why did this happen, you rebel!?
It's because Shirou was a coward.
Oh, the killer is still unknown.
He was killed instantly once he left his house.
You should go on and fight Berserker since Archer is in fighting condition this time. You should get them back for defeating you before.
Oh, are you sure it'd go so well?
No matter which hero Archer may be, I don't think he's a big enough threat for me.
Hm. W-Well, we won't know unless we try.
We're not in Saber-chan's route this time.
Really? Then let's see what happens.
Let's see how a hastily-formed alliance fares against me.
Ugh... You're starting to show your true form, you devilish child.
By the way, I've been wondering for a long time. Can I ask you something, Ilya-chan?
How strong are you as a magus?
Are you as strong as Tohsaka-san?
Me? Hmm... Strictly speaking, I'm not a magus.
I'm more like Caster. I didn't study magic from the time I was born. But rather, I already knew magic at birth. Do you get the difference?
Hmm? I don't, and I don't want to know.
So in short, you're really a devil?
Fufufu. You sure say cute things once in a while.
I'll kill you if you say something so close to the truth.
Gyaaa! Her face is scary! Help me, God of Babylon!
...Geez, asking me such a boring question.
You'll eventually find out who I am whether you want to or not.
Well, let's continue on for Shirou.
The new fight is just starting. Don't go stumbling here! Quickly go back to Saber!

I look through the house.
I look everywhere someone could possibly be, including all the guest rooms, but I can't find Saber.

"Huh...? She's in that outfit, so you'd think it'd be easy to find her."
Even so, I can't find Saber anywhere.
I guess Servants can become spirits, but I can't turn her into one anyway.
No, first of all

"Even though they call me a Master, I don't know anything about her."
I don't understand who she is or how she exists.

The only thing I understand is...
That I'm confident I'll be able to win this strange war if I'm with her.

"She's not here either"
I've searched throughout the house.
It's a big house, but I didn't play hide-and-seek here with Fuji-Nee as a kid for nothing. I know the most efficient way to search this place.
If she's nowhere to be found after searching this much, then she should be in the dojo or in the shed.

"Huh?"
Saber is in the silent dojo.
But her appearance is different from yesterday's.
Sitting in a Japanese fashion on the wooden floor, she is not wearing her armor.
She has changed into refined clothes that suit her well, and is sitting silently.


...I lose my voice at the sight.
Sitting Japanese-style with her back straight and eyes closed, Saber looks beautiful.
Her state, melting into the silence, reminds me of pure water.


And that removes the final doubts within me.
Even if she is a Servant, I think she is holy.
SoI won't be led astray if I'm with her.

"Saber."
I call out.
Saber slowly opens her eyes and returns my gaze.

"You are awake, Shirou."
A calm voice.
Her voice, echoing through the dojo as if permeating it, is surprisingly suited to this place.

"Yeah. I just got up. What were you doing here?"
"I was resting. I cannot treat you, so I thought I'd make sure I was in perfect condition."

"!"
Saber looks at me as she speaks.
...Well, um...
I feel tension, different from the kind I felt with Tohsaka.

"Shirou? What is it? Could it be that your body is still...?"
"...! N-No, there's no problem...! I'm just perplexed for my own reasons, so don't worry...!"
I take a step back and shake my head.

"...?"
Looking away from Saber, who is tilting her head questioningly, I calm my pounding heart.

"...Calm down. What am I so tense about!?"
I take a deep breath.
...But it doesn't seem to die down quickly. In fact, I don't think it ever will.

"...Geez, why did she get changed...?"
I complain without meaning to.
Saber's clothes are so real that they make me conscious of her womanhood, whether I like it or not.

...She is terribly beautiful.
I thought I figured that out yesterday, but she really hits me with it now.
Perhaps her armor looked so surreal that I didn't notice yesterday.
But when she dresses like a girl, I'm flustered, as any healthy guy would be.

"Shirou."
I tense up the moment our eyes meet.
But I didn't look for her just to say nothing.
I'm troubled, but I can't stay quiet forever.


I make up my mind and talk to her.
It's something I should have asked her the moment we got back last night.
That if she really is my Servant....
And if she really is going to be joining this battle...
I look through the house.
I look everywhere someone could possibly be, including all the guest rooms, but I can't find Saber.

"Huh...? She's in that outfit, so you'd think it'd be easy to find her."
Even so, I can't find Saber anywhere.
I guess Servants can become spirits, but I can't turn her into one anyway.
No, first of all

"Even though they call me a Master, I don't know anything about her."
I don't understand who she is or how she exists.

The only thing I understand is...
That I'm confident I'll be able to win this strange war if I'm with her.

"She's not here either"
I've searched throughout the house.
It's a big house, but I didn't play hide-and-seek here with Fuji-Nee as a kid for nothing. I know the most efficient way to search this place.
If I haven't found her after searching this much, then she should be either in the dojo or in the shed.

"Huh?"
Saber is in the silent dojo.
But her appearance is different from yesterday's.
Sitting in a Japanese fashion on the wooden floor, she is not wearing her armor.
She has changed into refined clothes that suit her well, and is sitting silently.


...I lose my voice at the figure.
Sitting Japanese-style with her back straight and eyes closed, Saber looks beautiful.
Her state, melting into the silence, reminds me of pure water.


And that removes the final doubts within me.
Even if she is a Servant, I think she is holy.
SoI won't be led astray if I'm with her.

"Saber."
I call out.
Saber slowly opens her eyes and returns my gaze.

"You are awake, Shirou."
A calm voice.
Her voice, echoing through the dojo as if permeating it, is surprisingly suited to this place.

"Yeah. I just got up. What were you doing here?"
"I was resting. I cannot treat you, so I thought I'd make sure I was in perfect condition."

"!"
Saber looks at me as she speaks.
...Well, um...
I feel tension, different from the kind I felt with Tohsaka.

"Shirou? What is it? Could it be that your body is still...?"
"...! N-No, there's no problem...! I'm just perplexed for my own reasons, so don't worry...!"
I take a step back and shake my head.

"...?"
Looking away from Saber, who is tilting her head questioningly, I calm my pounding heart.

"...Calm down. What am I so tense about!?"
I take a deep breath.
...But it doesn't seem to die down quickly. In fact, I don't think it ever will.

"...Geez, why did she get changed...?"
I complain without meaning to.
Saber's clothes are so real that they make me conscious of her womanhood, whether I like it or not.

...She is terribly beautiful.
I thought I figured that out yesterday, but she really hits me with it now.
Perhaps her armor looked so surreal that I didn't notice yesterday.
But if she dresses like a girl, I'm flustered, as any healthy guy would be.

"Shirou."
I tense up the moment our eyes meet.
But I didn't look for her just to say nothing.
I'm troubled, but I can't stay quiet forever.

"All right.
 May I, Saber? It'll be the first time we sit down and talk"
I make up my mind and talk to her.

And then.
"Shirou. Before that, there is something I would like to address regarding last night."
"? All right, what is it?"

"It is about last night.
 You are my Master. It is troubling if you take such actions. Battle is my duty, so you must concentrate on your role."

"Last night?"
I think about what happened last night.
...Is she talking about the time I tried to pull her to safety when Archer attacked?

"...Hey. I can't help it. You were fighting, so that's the least I could do. It's only natural to help when your partner is in danger."

"Impossible. You do not understand what Servants are, yet you have so much faith in me already?"
Oh, wow. Saber looks really surprised.

"Well, we did shake hands. And you've helped me so many times already. It'd be pretty strange not to trust you."

Saber looks up at me in surprise.

"Uh... Did I have the wrong idea about our contract?"
I get nervous, so I ask.
Saber shakes her head.

"As a Servant, I appreciate your words.
 And I would have been dealt a fatal wound had you not stopped me. The method was not a good one, but your instruction was."

"...I see. That's good. I was desperate, but that was good, huh?"
"Yes. But please refrain from such actions next time. I can heal immediately even if I am wounded. But I have no way to heal you if you are wounded."

"Ugh... All right, I'll watch out. That was definitely reckless. I'll do better next time."
I don't know how I can do things better, but I should stop doing things so recklessly.
Then...

"Yes. That is a good reply, Master."
Was I acting that funny?
I think she smiled for a second.


I shake off my blush.
There's something more important right now.
It's something I should have asked her the moment we got back last night.
That if she really is my Servant....
And if she really is going to be joining this battle...
...Yeah.
I think I'll cause trouble if I walk around school with Saber.
I'll relax in this familiar club room.

"Yeah, I'll stay and watch if it's not going to be a bother, Fuji-Nee."
"All right. Well, I'm going to go teach, so you can relax here. Oh, you don't have to restrain yourself if you want to shoot. You're my student and you're better than most people."


...Yeah, she's not wrong.
I'm better than anyone when it comes to shooting arrows.

Even though I was away for a while, I'm sure I could get the same result I had when I used to come here.
But that's not because of my skill in archery.
I can hit the target like I do in my mind because of my everyday training in magic.

"That's not true, Fuji-Nee. I'm missing the 'endurance' part of accuracy, piercing strength, and endurance."

"What? Do you mean how you have to shoot more than 200 arrows a day and how everything else is just releasing the bow? You know boring things, Shirou."

"Hey, you should know this if you do archery.
 At any rate, I can't shoot if my mind isn't into it. I'm not prepared at all, so I don't know if I'll even hit the target."

"...Oh. But Shirou, shooting arrows every day isn't the only way to train.
 The endurance is good enough if you're training yourself. It's good to make a distinction, but it's also good to try to respect archery. It'll all be good if you just nod, so be honest once in a while."

Fuji-Nee disappears into the range.
Mitsuzuri comes in as if to take her place.

"Excuse me... Oh, why the upset face, Emiya?
 Oh, I bet Fujimura-Sensei scolded you, huh?"
"I guess so. She told me not to worry too much. Well, she's totally right."

"Oh, I see. I thought you quit because you didn't want to shoot anymore, but you still want to, huh? That's unexpected."

"It's unexpected? What? You thought I got bored with archery?"

"Yeah. You only missed the target once. You were freaking good ever since I joined the archery club. Your form was really beautiful and you looked like you didn't know how to miss.
 I thought you weren't happy about hitting the target because you're so good. You can get into the mentality without the bow, so I was annoyed that the bow might just be hindering you."


"Oh, did I guess right? I bet I did. Shooting is the mentality of shooting your mind, right? The arrow is not shot at the target, but shot at the mind of the shooter trying to hit the target.
 So you won't understand the mentality if you can't face yourself."

In other words, archery is a way to kill yourself.
It's trying to make yourself transparent and to become one with nature.
The eight stages of shooting, ashibumi, dozukuri, yugamae, uchiokoshi, hikiwake, kai, hanare, and zanshin, exist for that purpose

Kai: the unity of the self and the target.
Hanare: releasing the arrow which has become yourself, and the moment time stops.
Zanshin: the self that is shot to the target already knows "it will hit", and the action and the result become one to make the past and the future into a point.

It is only a way to train yourself according to set stages.
Yes.
Archery is similar to meditation in magic.

"Well, it's like preaching to the Buddha. Hitting the target is like a bonus in archery. Archery is more like a path to obtain the mentality. It's a path and not a technique.
 But to put it another way, you can't reach that mentality without bow and arrow."

"...I thought that was the boring part for you. We shoot arrows and feel it when we hit the target. We know hitting the target is only a technique, but we can't tell if we succeeded unless the arrow hits the mark."

"But you're the type that doesn't care where the arrow goes.
 ...Anyone can hit the target in archery. Disregarding bothersome things like the eight stages of shooting, anyone can hit the target if they pursue 'the technique to hit the target'.
 But they are only making the arrow hit the target with technique. Real shooting hits no matter how bad the shooter may be."

"I don't know. I go to the range so that I can hit the target."

"That's what I'm talking about. Isn't there a faster way than getting a bow and going into the range? First of all, the bow and arrow are unnecessary for you.
 You missed a target once before, right? I went to see how surprised you'd look, but you were acting normally."

"I asked you why, and you said 'I missed because I imagined for it to miss'.
 It didn't miss as a result, but you made it miss with your own will.
 That's when I thought that you're always imagining the arrow striking the target before you release it."

"Hm? What are you saying? That's just basics, right? Don't you imagine the arrow hitting the target and release it accordingly?"

"Of course. People try different things wishing for a good result. But it's only in our imagination. We can't 'see' it like you do, Emiya.
 It means you're one with nature. You've reached nothingness, to put it in martial arts terms."

...Hm.
I don't know if I'm really "seeing", but I can nod back to the nothingness part.
It is the strength of a magus to erase oneself to make the self into a circuit.
Making the self transparent and ridding oneself of attachments and wishes to only obtain the result.
The training of archery and magic are similar in regards to making the self into "nothing".

"That's difficult. So, what did you want to tell me?"

"It's just that it's easy for you to turn transparent because you're unselfish. You should be more selfish and greedy. It's boring to become a master at such a young age, right? I won't tell you to be like Shinji, but why don't you have some fun once in a while?"


I'm at a loss for words.
I think that's not true, but I can't think of anything that's fun for me.

"See. That's why you're troubling Sakura so much. You have to know how to have fun now, or you won't be able to when you get old.
 People call those kinds of people good-for-nothings, you know?"

"Man. has it become so bad that a classmate is worrying about when I get old? Why are you so worried about me?"
"Because you don't laugh, Emiya."
"Huh?"

"I'm talking about the training camp we had before. We were all laughing, but you didn't laugh even at my best jokes."
"...Hm. So..."

"Yup. I'm still holding a grudge from that time."
She declares as if smiling to a rival.
...I'll sneak out for a bit.
Issei might be there if I go to the student council room, and it wouldn't be a bad idea to start thinking up strategies for the final exam coming up in a month.

"All right. I'm going to go to the student council room. Do you know if Issei's here, Fuji-Nee?"
"Ryudou-kun? Hmm... I don't know. At the very least, I haven't seen him."

"I see. Well, I'll come back if he's not there. Tell Sakura that I give her my best regards."
"All right. But you're picking a male friend over a female friend? You're still just a boy, huh?"

"Hm."
...I want to object, but Saber will notice me if I do.
I'll let Fuji-Nee win this time, and I'll sneak out of here.

"You are walking strangely. Where are you going, Shirou?"
"Gah."

I guess sneaking out was useless.
I tried to leave in a way she wouldn't notice, but Saber is waiting for me outside.

"S-Saber. Um, well, I remembered that I had to do something..."
"Do something, huh? I believe your business here was only to deliver the lunch."

"Uh, um... It's minor business. I didn't think I needed to tell you, so I didn't."
"I see. If it is minor business, there is certainly no need to tell me. You do have your own life after all."

I'm glad she's so understanding.
...I'm glad, but is it because of my guilty conscience that she looks mad?

"...Um. So, can you wait here?
 I'll be back in an hour"

"But that was your lifestyle until yesterday.
 You must act as a Master starting today. Thus, I must accompany you until I determine there is no danger, no matter how minor the business may be.
 Well. Do you have any objections, Shirou?"

I do, but I can't think of any excuses that will convince Saber.

"...Man. All right, let's go, Saber. I'll show you around school."
I slump my shoulders, give up, and call to her.
"Yes, it would be helpful if you did so."
So, the golden-haired foreign girl follows me as if it's natural to do so.


Well.
How will I explain this to Issei...?

"Gah."
...Man.
The student council's door is unlocked, today of all days.

"That is the second 'gah' I have heard. It seems you really want to hide something from me."
...And on top of that, she clearly sees my displeasure.
I don't know if it's her insight as a swordsman, but I don't think I can fool her.

"I just didn't want to cause a big commotion instead of just hiding things. ...Well, I guess it's fate that Issei's here. I'll introduce him to you."
The student council room won't have any other students, and we'll be able to kill time until the archery club ends.

"Issei...? Is he a friend of yours?"
"Yeah. He's this school's, let's seeleader of the self-defense force, and he's a man of steel aiming for a smooth organizational structure."

"A leader of the self-defense force, huh? I might be able to hear some interesting stories from him."
"Maybe. He's a stubborn guy, so he might get along with you."

"Hey, I'm coming in, Issei"
I open the door.
...Then.
There is an unexpected person in the student council room.

I gulp.
The one in the student council room is not Issei, but Kuzuki-Sensei, the teacher in charge of the student council.

"Excuse me. Is Issei here today, Kuzuki-Sensei?"
"No, I have not seen him today. Do you have some business here, Emiya?"
"No, it's more like business with Issei. I wanted to start preparing for the finals."

"I see. Then you should try waiting here. Knowing him, he might decide to escape the boredom at his house and come here."
"Can I stay in the student council room?"
"It should not be a problem. If it were a problem, something would have happened already."

"I will trust you to lock up this place. Put the key on my desk afterwards."
With that, Kuzuki-Sensei leaves the student council room.

...I guess he was being considerate.
According to Issei, Kuzuki-Sensei seems cold, but he actually has a delicate personality.
He must have thought it'd be awkward for me to wait in the student council room with a teacher.

"......Hm?"

Then.
As Kuzuki-Sensei leaves the room, he bumps into Saber, who is waiting behind me.

"...! S-Sensei! She's my acquaintance, and she might come here next year, so she came to look at this school...!"

I quickly make up an excuse.
But this excuse won't be of any use.
Even if she might be a potential student, I cannot bring an outsider into the school.
Fuji-Nee is fine with that, but I don't think the one in charge of the student council will consent to an excuse like that

"...I see. This will be the first new student from a foreign country. It is unexpected, but I should be happy that there is a change."
"Huh?"

...Um.
I guess Kuzuki-Sensei is more understanding than I thought, as he's watching Saber with admiration.

"She should not go unnoticed if she enters this school.
 If you are an acquaintance of hers, you should be considerate. You will be a senior next year. You should take care of the younger students."

"Ohyes. Thank you, Sensei."
"The curfew on weekends is five o'clock. Go home before the gates close."

He leaves for the teacher's office.
Saber watches him go.

"Saber? Is something wrong with Kuzuki-Sensei?"
"...No, nothing in particular. At first, it felt as if he were no ordinary man, but the more I look at him the more ordinary he feels. I can declare that he is not a Master."

"......"
I'm a bit surprised.
It seems Saber is checking if people are Masters or not every time we meet someone.

"That's good. I'd be surprised as well if Kuzuki-Sensei were a magus. But what do you mean, he's not ordinary? Did you feel something special in him?"

"No, there was nothing special about him. But his breathing is too natural and too controlled.
 ...To be honest, I was admiring it. There are no wasted movements in his steps. I do not think I have seen anyone as good as him."

Saber is really praising him.
But if he's that good, isn't he suspicious!?

"Hold on. Are you saying Kuzuki-Sensei is strong in a fight?"
"Huh? That person? Hmm, if it is him...
 I believe he is about as strong as you, physically. In a true battle... I believe he will do as well as any ordinary man."

Saber looks at me with wonder.
But I'm the one wondering.
Kuzuki-Sensei got Saber to admire him, so what does she mean by him being an ordinary person?

"I admired his breathing.
 That person's breathing was ideal for a human. I admired only that one point."

Then.
While we drink the tea we brewed here, Saber explains in a strange way.

"You mean 'breathing' breathing? What's so special about it if it's ideal?"
"It will affect your physical ability as well as your interaction with nature. Western magi do not hold this technique in high regard, but Eastern teachings treat breathing and walking as superior abilities that cannot be taught."

"The ibuki, taking in outside air, is a clear image of connecting the outside world and your inner body. I have heard that to breathe in is to take in God, and to breathe out is to release God.
 This 'right way to breathe' is a secret technique in every school, and one can expect only about one student per generation to be able to acquire it."

"To put it another way, a person who casts spells to cast magic is only a magus.
 But if one's breathing, walking, and their existence itself can perform divine deeds, that person is a pure Magic Circuit that surpasses magi."

"Oh... I think there was something like that in Shintoism.
 Like exterminating evil with mere footsteps or clapping of the hands."

"Yes, one spends all one's life mastering those embodiments.
 But there are rare cases where one is born with this correct way of breathing or walking. These are people who themselves are Magic Circuits."

"As they are abnormal, they will be famed as prodigies and end up being claimed by magi. But there are a few who will grow up without catching anyone's attention.
 These people have within them divine mysteries surpassing magic, without even knowing magic. But"

"But? So Kuzuki-Sensei has a natural-born talent?"
"No. I do not feel such a thing in him.
 ...Um, this is contradictory, but I believe his breathing and walking techniques were acquired through training."

"I cannot believe it myself, but he is not a magus.
 I believe his everyday training is affecting him in the perfect way."

"......???"
What does that mean?
Does it mean Kuzuki-Sensei is living a pure and honest life?

"Saber. Then Kuzuki-Sensei is..."
"It means that he is an ideal teacher. A person like him is not rare.
 It just means that he is admirable for someone like me who cannot breathe perfectly even with training."

Saber sighs with regret.
...That's something more surprising for me, though.
So even Saber, who can do everything, can envy someone, huh?

As it turned out, Issei never showed up.
The school's almost closing, so we lock up the room and go back to the archery range.
...Well, we're at the school already.
I'll go and show Saber around.

"I'm going to go take a walk. I'll come back after I walk around a bit."

"Take a walk? That's fine, but you sure have strange tastes. Kiritsugu-san also had dull hobbies, so you're like him?"
"Myself aside, I don't think taking a walk is a dull hobby.
I don't want to compare the two, but going on a date is like taking a walk as well."

"Hey, dates are different. That's more like a tour to go eat lots of good food."

"I'm saying that aimless behavior is called taking a walk. Well, I'm going.
...Oh yeah, I'm taking the walk inside the school, so I'm not going to buy you any gifts. There aren't any street stalls here."

"Oh yeah. The cafeteria's closed, and the home economics room is closed too.
...I guess it can't be helped. You don't have to bring me back anything, so come back quickly, okay, Emiya-kun?"
At the end, she calls me by my last name like a teacher.
I wave my hand and call out to Saber.

"Tour of the school?"
"Yeah. We're here, so we might as well, right? It should be boring for you as well to just stay in the archery range."

"...You are right. I was not bored, but it is indeed worthwhile to look around the school. I shall check in person to see if your school is safe or not."

Oh, wow.
It was just a suggestion, but it seems Saber likes this idea.
...Well, it seems her expectation differs from mine, but I'll ignore that fact and show her around school.

"This is the back of the building. Here we have the woods behind the archery range. I'm guessing it's about 300 to 600 square meters. It might be as big as the front grounds. It's an example of bold property management that is only allowed because we have a mountain here."
I start out from a nearby place, the woods behind the archery range.

"Oh. 300 to 600? That is far too ambiguous."
"Thanks for your harsh comment. You look disappointed. What's wrong, Saber?"

"It must be your imagination. I was not hoping for anything when you said you would show me around school.
No, I do not mind at all that you brought me here first. I held no hope to begin with, so I cannot lose any hope."

Saber just looks away.
...She looks totally disappointed, but I guess you can take it that she's sulking.

"So what is here, Master? This is a desolate place, but I do not notice anything strange about it."
"Nope. I just told you we have a forest behind our school. Let's go to the next place."

"So, this is the school grounds. Don't go too close since the track team is running there right now. We sometimes play team matches here during PE."

"Team matches...? Such as?"
"Well, our athletics are strong. Baseball's the strongest, so we usually play baseball. We sometimes play dodgeball as well. It's a sport where we separate into two groups and try to beat the other team."

"...Oh. I heard the word team match, and I imagined something where the people follow the vanguard. I guess I was wrong."

"......"
I think whatever Saber imagined is very dangerous.
I don't think I should ask her about it.

"Well, it's a sport to compete for points. The people running right now are competing too. They're using how fast they can run 50 meters as points."
Saber looks around in interest.

"What is it? Are you looking for something?"
"Um, no. ...Um, I saw a sport before, and I was just wondering if such a sporting ground was here or not.
I do not understand other sports, but that sport looked fun to me."

"Oh, a sport you want to try?
 Could it be tennis? We have some courts around back."

"N-No, it is not tennis. Come to think of it, it is not a sport that can fit on this site.
 ...I just felt nostalgic since I was scolded once before for playing a similar sport with a sword."

"A sword...?"
What could that be?
...More than that, I find it funny imagining this serious girl playing with a sword.

"P-Please forget what I said, Master! Well, we are done looking here, so let us go to the next place...!"

Saber pushes me to keep going with the tour.
I show her the hallway.
Then, we get to my classroom on the third floor.

"So this is Master's classroom. I was unsure when I was walking down the hallway, but this is within my tolerance level."
"Tolerance level? You mean if this place is safe or not?"

"Yes. I felt the same magical energy in the hallway as I did at the gate. But I do not feel any magical energy in this classroom. Only Rin's magical energy fills the hallways.
 For now, I do not see any factor that will be a danger to you."

Saber's tension goes away.
I think it's going too far, but Saber's been looking through the school for the sake of my safety.

...To be honest, I'm happy.
It's only been a day since we made a contract, and we don't know anything about each other.
But I understand that Saber is thinking of my safety over everything.
It's bedtime.
The lights finally go out in the noisy tatami-floored room, and silence returns.
They say it gets noisy wherever women gather, and I guess that holds true even for the quiet Saber and Sakura.

"...No, that's wrong. I mostly heard Fuji-Nee's laughter."
But still, it's true that it was loud in that room.
It's not good for my mental health to have girls my age being rowdy in the same house.

"Damn. My sleepiness went away thinking about them."
Things like Saber's troubled face, if Saber and Sakura are getting along, and whether Fuji-Nee is thinking at all or not.

I get a headache the more I think about them. If it's like this, it might've been better to have Saber sleep in the room next to mine.


It's eleven o'clock.
The lights are out and the house is dead silent.
I quietly make my way to the door so I won't wake them up.

I go outside.
The moon is bright, and the wind is cold.
Under the winter sky, the world is silent as if frozen.

It's quiet inside the shed.
This is the place where Lancer cornered me last night.
This is also the place where Saber appeared.
The entrance is open, and it's dark inside, as if to drive away anybody that might enter.

I go inside.
I shut the door to keep the air out and turn on the stove.

"...Shoot at least 200 arrows a day, huh?"
The teaching of archery focuses on accuracy, piercing strength, and endurance.
Accuracy is how well one can hit the target.
Piercing strength is the power to pierce the target.
And endurance is to maintain the accuracy and piercing strength.

...I think there was something in an archery manual...
Something about continuing forever after one masters the true meaning of archery.
...And how one should shoot more than 200 arrows a day...

"...Yeah. I don't know what to do as a Master, so I should at least train my magic."
I sit down and take a deep breath.

"HaaHaa."
...I adjust my breathing and start my usual training.
My mind imagines the same thing.
An image of a sword that pops into my brain.


I ignore it and clear my head even more.
After letting magical energy flow throughout my body, I start the "strengthening" magic like always.
The magic that I succeeded at for the first time in a few years last night.
I have to repeat it before I forget the sensation.

"Trace, on."
I narrow my eyes and breathe out.

That's all for now.
I'll forget about the Holy Grail War, Saber, and Tohsaka once I start this process.
I clear my head from all hesitations.

But during the process...
The thought that Tohsaka might be doing the same training never escapes my head.
"Going back to our conversation, Saber.
 ...Oh, I'll ask formally. Can I call you Saber?"

"Yes. Since I have formed a contract with you as a Servant, I am your sword. I shall follow your orders, defeat your enemies, and protect you."
Saber says so without the slightest hesitation.
There's no room for me to question her about it.

"Become my sword, huh? Is that to win this Holy Grail War?"
"...? Is that not why you have summoned me?"

"No. I only summoned you by chance.
 As you know, I'm only an amateur magus. I'm sorry, but I don't have the knowledge nor the power of a Master.
 But I've decided to fight, so I'll fight. I'm an unskilled Master, but are you okay with that?"

"Of course. You are my Master, Shirou.
 This fact will not change. A Servant does not have the freedom to choose its Master."

...I see.
Then I should try to respond to her to the best of my ability.

"...All right. So you're content that I'm your Master?"

"Yes. But Shirou, I shall not allow defeat for my Master.
 If you have no chance of victory, I shall make one for you. I will use any means possible to have you obtain the Holy Grail.
 We Servants do not serve the Masters without compensation. We serve because we also desire the Holy Grail."

"Huh? Hold on. The Holy Grail, you mean you want it too...!?"

"Of course. After all, the only ones who can touch the Holy Grail in spirit form are we Servants, who are also spirits.
 The Master that wins the Holy Grail War will obtain the Holy Grail through the medium of their Servant. After that, the Servant who served the winning Master will have its wish granted in compensation.
 That is the relationship between Masters and Servants."


...I see.
Now that she says it, it's obvious something like a "heroic spirit" would never obey a mere human being.
Since they have their own objectives, they serve the Master in exchange.

...Then that means Saber has a wish she wants granted.
That is why Saber has no doubts.
But...

"...Hold on, Saber. You said any means possible, right? Does that mean you don't care what measures you take to win the war?
For example"

Doing something like what that priest said.
Involving innocent people and creating a disaster like what happened ten years ago

"Shirou, that is not a possibility.
 I can only do things I allow myself to do. I cannot betray my beliefs. It is against the knight's oath to hurt those who are unarmed."

 "But I must obey if you order so. In that case, you will have to use one of your Command Spells to compensate for treading inside me."
I am overwhelmed by her angered voice.


But still, I'm happy and relieved.
Her lack of doubt gave her the image of a cold fighting machine, but I know now that she is not a cold-blooded killer.

"Yeah, I won't let you do such a thing.
 Like you said, we have to do our best with what we can do. ...I'm really sorry. I insulted you without realizing it."

"Ah... no, I leapt to a hasty conclusion without knowing your intentions. You are not at fault, so please raise your head..."
"Huh? Oh, sorry, I apologized without realizing it."
I raise my head.


I don't know what's so funny, but Saber has a small smile on her face.
"...?"
Well, I'm glad she's smiling, so I won't ask her about it.

"...All right. Then can I ask you something else? A Master is a magus that summons Servants, right?
 That's fine, but I don't quite understand you guys. Like, Saber and Lancer, I know those aren't your real names."

"Yes, those are only the names of the classes given to us. ...All right, I shall describe it briefly since we have the chance."

"We Servants are heroic spirits.
 We have each won fame during our lives or have accomplished some great deed beyond human ability. Whatever the means, we are beings that have reached the rank of gods with our own strength."

That doesn't even need to be said.
Heroic spirits are heroes that had supernatural abilities while they were alive, who are worshipped after their deaths, and are promoted into the ranks of spirits instead of becoming ghosts.

"But that is also to our disadvantage. As we are heroes, our weaknesses have been recorded.
 Revealing our names, revealing our identities, means revealing our weaknesses.
 It will not be a problem if we are fighting a lower spirit, but each of us is a spirit capable of killing the other. If our weaknesses are revealed, the enemy will take advantage of them to defeat us."

"...I see. Heroes usually do have opponents they're weak against. That's why you're hiding your real name and using the name Saber?"

"Yes. However, I am not called Saber only for that reason.
 There are seven Servants called forth by the Holy Grail, and every one of these is selected according to class."

"Class...? You mean like Saber and Archer?"
"Yes. Summoning a true heroic spirit is already almost a miracle. To summon seven is too much even for the Holy Grail.
 As a solution, the Holy Grail prepares seven vessels in advance and only calls forth heroic spirits compatible with these vessels.
 Those are the seven classes.

 Saber.
 Lancer.
 Archer.
 Rider.
 Caster.
 Assassin.
 Berserker.

"The Holy Grail calls forth from all times the heroic spirits, with abilities corresponding to each of these classes.
 And those who receive these classes are called Servants."

"...I see. You were a heroic spirit skilled with swords, so you were summoned as Saber?"
"Yes. There are heroic spirits that have multiple attributes, but I believe I am the best when it comes to swords."

"But that is also the weakness of the Saber class.
 Since I am not a magus, I can only defeat your enemies as your sword."
"So you're not well-suited to trickery. No, I don't think that's a weakness. You're that powerful, so that should be enough, right?"

"Shirou, you cannot win this war just by being strong in battle.
 For instance, if your enemy is stronger than you in combat, what will you do?"

"Huh? Well... if I knew I couldn't beat them in combat, I'd have to do something without fighting"
Having said that much, I understand.
If the enemies are strong, you wouldn't fight a proper battle.
Beating opponents with your sword isn't the only way to fight.
If you can't beat an enemy with your sword, all you have to do is beat them some other way.

"Exactly. If your enemy discovers you are skilled in combat, your enemy will most likely not challenge you in combat. ...And in that sense, Servants that lack ability will use any means possible."

"The Servant Assassin has low attributes, but has a special ability to hide its presence, and the Servant Caster is versed in magic that does not exist in this age.
 You cannot be optimistic because of a mere difference in power. And on top of that, we have our 'Noble Phantasms'. No matter what kind of Servant we are, as heroic spirits, we have our guaranteed fatal attack."

"Noble Phantasm?"
That's not a term I've heard before.
I think I might know what it means from the sound of it, though...

"Noble Phantasms are special weapons carried by Servants.
 Weapons like Lancer's lance, Archer's bow, and my sword are such.
 Heroes are not called heroes by themselves. Heroes have the weapons that symbolize them and make them a hero."

"The hero and his weapon are one. So those who became heroic spirits each wield a powerful weapon.
 That is the 'Noble Phantasm'the trump card for Servants, and the thing we must take the most care of."


...Saber says that Noble Phantasms are weapons that heroes wielded when they were alive.

I recall that blue knight.
The lance that absorbed magical energy from the air and pierced Saber's chest with incredible movements.
That was certainly not something fit for humans.
That lance itself carried a strong curse, but I also felt an overwhelming amount of magical energy in the word Lancer said back then.
Then could it be...?

"Saber. Are Noble Phantasms magic?
 Lancer's lance certainly seemed like a lance with history, but the lance itself wasn't extraordinary.
 But that lance went beyond the realm of weapons with his words. Isn't that some sort of magic?"

"Yes, Noble Phantasms are certainly similar to magic.
 For example, Lancer's lance itself is a Noble Phantasm, but it demonstrates its full potential only when he puts magical energy into it and says its true name."

"A Noble Phantasm could be called a materialized divine mystery.
 As spells are necessary to activate magic, recitation of the true name is necessary to awaken and to activate the Noble Phantasm.
 But there is also a danger in that. By saying the true name of their Noble Phantasm, the identity of the Servant is revealed."

"...Oh yeah. Heroes and their weapons are one. If you know the weapon's name, you naturally know the identity of the owner."
Saber nods silently.

That is why the Noble Phantasm is a trump card.
In exchange for revealing the name, it launches an unavoidable fatal blow.
But when it does not prove fatal... the Servant will expose all its weaknesses.

"Then, Saber. Is your Noble Phantasm that invisible sword?"
"...Yes. But I have not revealed its identity yet. No Servants should know my true name at this point."
Saying that, Saber looks down awkwardly for a second.

"Shirou. I have a request about that matter."
"Huh? What kind of a request?"

"About my real name. Usually, Servants give their true names to their Master only, to determine future plans.
 But you are inexperienced as a magus.
 A superior magus would be able to read your mind, so"

"Oh, so you can't tell me your real name? ...Yeah, you're right. Like hypnotism, suggestion, or... well, I don't think there'd be any, but if any other Master had mystic eyes, I might just start babbling about it.
 All right. Let's do that. I'll rely on you to decide when to use your Noble Phantasm."

"Uhum, can you really decide that so quickly?"
"It wasn't easy. I thought it through.
 I agreed after thinking about it, so don't worry."


...Well.
I get most of this stuff, but I still don't have a grasp of the situation.

This is strange, now that I think about it.
Even though I've decided to fight, the only enemy I know is Tohsaka, and I don't intend to fight her.
Well, I shouldn't be thinking like that because Tohsaka is ready to fight me any day.

"Hey Saber, do Servants and Masters have some sort of a mark? I don't really know what I should be doing."

"No. Unfortunately, there is no clear way to distinguish them.
 But if other Servants are near, Servants are able to sense them. All the more if they are materialized. Servants themselves are powerful magic.
 I am sure you felt Berserker's presence."

"Ughthat is true. But it's bad to be able to tell only when you're attacked. I need to at least know before they approach, so I can take some sort of countermeasure."

"Then, how about searching for the Master's presence? Masters are magi. Since they use magic for a living, they will leak magical energy. If you search for that, you may be able to determine the Masters in this town."
"...Sorry. Unfortunately, I can't do that sort of thing."

After all, I didn't even realize the real identity of Tohsaka, who goes to the same school as I do.
We were in the same building for two years, and on top of that, I've seen her several times.

"Geez. No wonder people call me an amateur. The only evidence I'm even a Master is this Command Spell. It seems there'll be lots of difficulties ahead."
I sigh.
And then.

"Shirou. Could you close your eyes for a moment?"
Saber speaks with a serious face.
"...? Close my eyes? Why?"
"To prove that you are a Master. Just close your eyes and breathe normally."

"......"
...I close my eyes.
I feel something slightly touching my forehead.
Hey, it's prickling. Could this be the end of her sword!?

"Saber? Hold on, are you doing something weird?"
"...Master, please stay silent and concentrate on my fingertip. If you are a magus, you should be able to feel my magical energy."

"Hm."
I see, so it's Saber's finger that's touching me.
I pull myself together and calm down.

Then.
What is this?

"Saber, what was that?"
"It is not something you should be asking me. You and I are connected by our contract, so it is only natural for you to be able to understand my status."

"Understand? You mean, what happened just now?"
"I do not know how you saw it. It is your standard that measures the Servant's ability. Some Masters classify according to color, and some classify according to animals."

"So in other words, you perceive it in a way most comprehensible for you.
 This is a standard concept for a Master, so please check frequently. Like me, once you see someone, you shall understand their details."

...I see.
I was a bit surprised since it was so sudden, but I might be able to act a bit like a Master now.

"Master. I have simplified things, but that is all the explanation I can give you."
"Okay. It was quick, but I get it now. Sorry, Saber."

"...You should not be 'sorry.'
 If you understand the situation, you should be deciding what to do from now on."

She asks me, leaning forward.
...I see.
Saber is the same type as Tohsaka: attack first.

"Well, we won't be doing anything different.
 I don't have the will to go out and beat other Masters like Tohsaka."

"Shirou, that does not make sense. Do you not have the will to obtain the Holy Grail as a Master?"
...Saber narrows her eyes.
They are the calm eyes of a swordsman who allows no disagreement.

I stare back, trying not to lose, and clearly tell her my intentions.

"I do. But that's only because I don't want anyone evil obtaining it. I have no reason to want the Holy Grail for myself."
"!"

"But that doesn't mean I will not fight.
 I'm a magus, even if I'm an amateur. I understand I can't back out of this now. I know I can't survive this without doing anything."

"Then you are saying you are fighting not to obtain the Holy Grail, but rather to prevent the conflict resulting from the Holy Grail?"

"...? ...Yeah, I guess you could put it like that. Yeah, I think that's what I mean. I can't put it into clear words, but such a fight is worth something, right?"

That's right.
I don't feel anything toward the Holy Grail.
But for a reason like that, I think I can fight with all my power and with pride.

"...I do not understand. You say that you are a magus. Then you should desire the almighty Holy Grail. Do magi not master magic because they have a wish they cannot make come true?"

"What are you saying? I have no unfulfillable wishes. I do have lots of things I have to do though."
That's right.
So for now, I should try my hardest not to involve any unnecessary people.

"Then are you saying you do not want the Holy Grail? That you will not fight to obtain it?"
"I didn't say that. Since I'm fighting, I do intend to obtain the Holy Grail."

"That is a contradiction. Why do you desire something that you have no need for, going so far as fighting?"
"...?"
Well, because...
Winning means obtaining the Holy Grail, and most of all...

"You need it, right? So we have to obtain it."


"Yeah, I don't know what kind of people the other Masters are.
 Some of them may be really good people.
 But I've decided to be your ally. So if you say you want the Holy Grail, it's only natural to help you with all my power, right?"


"...Well, it's only an opinion that I received from my father, but he said I should be selfish to become a superhero.
 It's pointless to support everybody, so he told me to only ally with people I like and trust."

"I never thought that way before, but I think that's how I should be now.
 I can't do something like fight for myself.
 But if I can fight for you, then that's good."

And to be honest.
If this girl seriously yearns for it, it's only natural to want to obtain it for her.
...Well, I am a guy, you know.

"Then are you saying you will not fight if I give up the Holy Grail?"
"Hm."
That's a problem.
If Saber says that, all my premises will crumble.

"...No, it would still be the same. I said I'll fight.
 So I won't run. That is for sure, Saber."
I declare while looking at her in the eyes.
Saber does not answer immediately, but looks up at me after letting out a deep breath.

"I understand. If you say so as a Master, I will only obey. My goal is the Holy Grail, and even if your goal is to stop the conflict, our destinations are the same.
 But, Shirou."

Saber stops.
With eyes that seem to be gazing upon something far away, "I cannot clearly put this into words, but you will regret it later on. ...You will surely regret it."
She says those words.
She goes through the darkness.
A desolate night.
She enters the room from the dark hallway.


This is a room in a building somewhere.
There are about fifty workers here.
Most are male, and all of them are scattered about like puppets with their strings cut off.

She grits her teeth.
The darkness is helping her as she cannot see well.
The air in this room is filled with the rotten smell of a plant.
"What is this smell? Can you tell, Archer?"
Opening the door and the windows, she asks someone behind her.
There is no one there.
But there is a presence thicker than air behind her.
"It must be a witch's potion. The one that destroys love."
"...Hemlock? What? The culprit not only took their magical energy, but made the men impotent as well?"
"Then it must be a woman. I don't know what kind of a grudge she has, but it must be a big one to keep taking it out on people even after she became a Servant."
"Stop talking and open the windows. ...They are still breathing. I guess it makes no difference if they are found now or tomorrow.
 Let's get away from here after we're done, Archer."
She opens the windows and treats those who are in especially bad condition. After that, she leaves the room.
"...Damn. I have to get my clothes to the dry cleaner's."
She sniffs her coat.
She didn't touch it in particular, but her coat smells like rusted iron.
The room was sealed.
And the floor of that room was covered in blood that the people threw up.
The presence behind her takes form.
What appears behind herTohsaka Rin, is a knight in red.
It is Archer, who was protecting her in spirit form.

"So? Are they all flowing towards the Ryudou Temple?"
"...Yeah. All the life energy is flowing towards the mountain. The coma incidents in Shinto are all that Master's doing. I don't know what kind of a Master it is, but such a thing is beyond human powers. If there's anyone capable of doing it, it'd be the Servant Caster."
"A witch at the Ryudou Temple, huh? Then I guess we made a mistake last night."

"Mistake...? You're talking about how we got away from Berserker? I think that was the best possible outcome."
"Really? If Caster has such a large network, I am sure she saw our fight last night.
 But we could not defeat Berserker, we let Saber go, and we gave away the scope of our power. What part of this is good for us?"
He speaks sarcastically.
But Rin does not answer him.

It's not a mistake that she made Berserker retreat and helped Saber.
And most of allArcher has not shown the full scope of his power yet.
Last night.
It's true that the "arrow" Archer fired stopped Berserker.
But Rin has yet to figure out its true identitythe identity of that powerful "Noble Phantasm".

"Rin."
...No, she knows the principle behind it.
That was just a bomb.
He just exploded the bomb called the "Noble Phantasm" in front of his enemy.
It does not need to be said how extraordinary that was.
That was a one-time explosion of magical energy, using the strongest phantasm possible.
Broken Phantasm.
That is the name of the Noble Phantasm this knight in red possesses.

"Rin."
...But it is too strange.
A Servant only wields one Noble Phantasm, and it is a part of them that they had for their whole life. What hero can possibly destroy such a thing freely?

"Rin."
It's not easy to fix a destroyed Noble Phantasm.
It's like committing suicide for a Servant to destroy his Noble Phantasm.

"Rin."
In other words, Archer abandoned his strongest weapon when he still had six more enemies he needed to defeat.
No, first of all, he destroyed the proof of his heroism under his own will. It's so crazy that other Servants would faint from shock if they would find out about this

"Rin!"
"Oh, what? Sorry, I wasn't listening."
"...... I asked you what we were going to do now. You must be tired from the previous battle, so we should go back and rest."

Rin clenches her fist at Archer's words.

The previous battle...
Bone Golems that were swarming in the hallway.
She defeated them all by herself.

She did not need Archer's help, nor did she want it.
Most of allshe felt anger towards the enemy who was breaking the magi's rule of not involving innocent people.
That's why she destroyed them.
She mercilessly eliminated every one of them.
...She did not show any sympathy, even if those bones could have been a living person just hours ago.


She did not suffer any wounds from the battle.
Except one.
Since she fought while suppressing her nausea, she cut her lip from biting down on it.

"We're going after Caster. You can still feel her presence, right? We'll finish this off before she can run to the Ryudou Temple."
"What? I'm surprised. I thought it was your principle not to do anything impossible."
"...Yeah. I don't do anything that I see as impossible.
 But this is different, right? I'm sure we'll find some clue if we hurry, and most of all"

"You have to start the fight, huh?
 Man. You're letting the easy enemies run loose while going after the most difficult enemy?"
"...Hey now. We can let Saber be. We can finish them off any time, so we don't have to worry about them.
 We don't have to go out of our way if they're not going to do anything. I'm going to let them go as long as they hide away in their house."

"...Hm. So will it be a different story if that Master is in front of you? For example, if Emiya Shirou shows up in front of you without a care that he's a Master..."
His words are meant to test her.
Looking down at the night town...
"I'll kill him.
 I have no kindness to give to someone who wouldn't understand such a simple fact."
Tohsaka Rin answers as if convincing herself.
It's bedtime.
The lights finally go out in the noisy tatami-floored room, and silence returns.
They say it gets noisy wherever women gather, and I guess that holds true even for the quiet Saber and Sakura.

"...No, that's wrong. I mostly heard Fuji-Nee's laughter."
But still, it's true that it was loud in that room.
It's not good for my mental health to have girls my age being rowdy in the same house.

"Damn. My sleepiness went away thinking about them."
Things like Saber's troubled face, if Saber and Sakura are getting along, and whether Fuji-Nee is thinking at all or not.

I get a headache the more I think about them. If it's like this, it might've been better to have Saber sleep in the room next to mine.


It's eleven o'clock.
The lights are out and the house is dead silent.
I quietly make my way to the door so I won't wake them up.

I go outside.
The moon is bright, and the wind is cold.
Under the winter sky, the world is silent as if frozen.

It's quiet inside the shed.
This is the place where Lancer cornered me last night.
This is also the place where Saber appeared.
The entrance is open, and it's dark inside, as if to drive away anybody that might enter.

I go inside.
I shut the door to keep the air out and turn on the stove.

"...Shoot at least 200 arrows a day, huh?"
The teaching of archery focuses on accuracy, piercing strength, and endurance.
Accuracy is how well one can hit the target.
Piercing strength is the power to pierce the target.
And endurance is to maintain the accuracy and piercing strength.

...I think there was something in an archery manual...
Something about continuing forever after one masters the true meaning of archery.
...And how one should shoot more than 200 arrows a day...

"...Yeah. I don't know what to do as a Master, so I should at least train my magic."
I sit down and take a deep breath.

"HaaHaa."
...I adjust my breathing and start my usual training.
My mind imagines the same thing.
An image of a sword that pops into my brain.


I ignore it and clear my head even more.
After letting magical energy flow throughout my body, I start the "strengthening" magic like always.
The magic that I succeeded at for the first time in a few years last night.
I have to repeat it before I forget the sensation.

"Trace, on."
I narrow my eyes and breathe out.

That's all for now.
I'll forget about the Holy Grail War, Saber, and Tohsaka once I start this process.
I clear my head from all hesitations, and I engross myself in the familiar training.

This is a story from a winter five years ago.

It was a night with a beautiful moon.
I wasn't doing anything, just watching the moon with Kiritsugu.
Even though it was winter, the air wasn't cold.
The corridor was a little chilly, but it was a good night to enjoy the moon.

Back then, Kiritsugu didn't leave the house often.
Not going outside, he would just laze around the house carelessly.
...I regret it even now, thinking back to it.
Why didn't I notice that it was like the actions of an animal that knows its time of death?

"I wanted to be a superhero when I was a child."
Suddenly.
That man, himself a superhero in my child's eyes, said that as if yearning for it.

"What? What do you mean by 'wanted'? Did you give up?"
I became angry and asked him.
Kiritsugu laughed apologetically and looked up at the sky.

"Yes, unfortunately. Being a hero is a time-limited thing, and it becomes hard to call yourself that when you grow up. I wish I'd found that out earlier."
I agreed with that.
I didn't know why, but I thought it couldn't be wrong because Kiritsugu said so.

"I see. Then I guess it couldn't be helped."
"Yeah. It really couldn't be helped."
Kiritsugu answers.
So of course, my response was determined.
"Yeah, it can't be helped, so I'll take your place.
 It's impossible since you're an adult, but it should be all right for me. Let me take on your dream."

"I'll make it come true."

Before I could finish, my father laughed.
He made a face like he didn't even need to hear the rest.
After breathing in, Emiya Kiritsugu said...
"YeahI'm relieved."
He quietly closed his eyes and his life ended.

That is the story from a winter five years ago.
It was a parting that determined the course of Emiya Shirou's life.
It was the night that Emiya Shirou decided to become a superhero.

There's no way I can forget it.
I never said it, but I clearly remember it.
The figure of the man who saved the boy who was left to the fire.

Emiya Kiritsugu held up the dying child and said "thank you".
He said "I'm thankful that I found you."
He made a big smile and thanked someone, as if he was saved by rescuing someone.

...The emotion I felt back then is still engraved in my mind.
Nobody saved me.
I couldn't save anybody.
In it all, I was saved, and a person was there to save me.
That's why I decided to become like him.

Become a superhero, so that I could save people and let no one be killed... just like him.
Even if it may be a child-like fantasy, I yearned to become one.

...And thus.
Kiritsugu, the embodiment of my dream, died peacefully, leaving me his dream of becoming a superhero himself.

It's only natural for a child to succeed his father.
Emiya Shirou must become a superhero and save someone just like the old me.

I swore so as a child.
To fulfill the dream of the man I admired most.

...But to be honest, I'm still wondering...
If my idea is the right one.
Where my idea comes from.
What I can do even despite me being just an amateur.
How to make the dream of making everybody happy, which Kiritsugu always talked about, come true.

......Oh, and...
What I can do now that I'm a Master. There are just so many things that my head's going to explode


I wake up from that familiar dream.
Bright morning sunlight is coming in from the window.
I feel a bit chilly, but I guess it wasn't bad enough for me to catch cold.

"...Geez. I fell asleep here again."
I shake my head and change into my uniform.
It's a bit before six o'clock.
I bet Sakura's already up and preparing breakfast.

I go outside and breathe in the fresh air.
It's a nice morning.
It'd be much more comfortable if there weren't three girls in the house.

"...Oh, let me correct myself. There are only two girls in the house."
I don't want to classify Fuji-Nee as a girl.
Anyway, now
I have to go see how Saber's doing.
It seems Saber is rather sociable, so I think she would've been all right with the other two. But still, I'm worried.

"...I bet Saber's already awake."
Then there's only one place she can be.
Sakura's in the living room, so Saber should be...

Saber is in the dojo as I expected.

"Shirou...? What is it? I believe it is still too early to wake up."
"Huh? No, this is normal for me since I have to prepare breakfast."

"I see. ...I am surprised at how early you wake up."
It must've been really unexpected as she looks surprised.

"...Hmm. I guess I'm an early riser.
 But why were you surprised? Did you think I'm the type that sleeps in?"
"Oh... Excuse me. Taiga is still sleeping, so I jumped to a hasty conclusion that the Emiya family are not early risers."

"Oh, I get it. Fuji-Nee's sleeping ability is unparalleled."
I get it now.
Come to think of it, Saber and Sakura were sleeping in the same room with Fuji-Nee.
I bet it was hard for them to sleep peacefully.

"By the way, good morning, Saber. Were you able to sleep well?"
"Yes. There was no battle yesterday, so I do not have any fatigue."

"That's good. I thought you might not have slept well considering how much Fuji-Nee moves in her sleep.
 ...It also seemed you guys were up late last night. If it gets too loud, I can tell them to give you a separate room."
I propose, thinking that Saber might not like being with Fuji-Nee.

"No, there is no need for such a thing. As long as there are no problems, I would like to go with Taiga's proposal."
"Really? Well, that'll help me out too."
Hmm, is it just me or is there intimacy in Saber's voice?

"Saber. Do you like Fuji-Nee?"
"Yes. Taiga has a good personality. A person with such honesty and open-mindedness is rare. I can understand why you are so honest, having heard that she has raised you."

"...Hmm. I don't know if I should be happy about that or not."
"I am praising her. I have only known her for a short while, but I understand her quite well."

I see.
I agree that Fuji-Nee's easy to understand.
The problem is after that, whether you can understand her logic or not... But that's a whole different story.

"Then you were able to get along with Sakura as well, right? Sakura isn't as bad as Fuji-Nee."
"...That is true, but... I still do not fully understand her. It is not enmity, but I feel that she is still on guard."

"...Hm. So you haven't spoken with Sakura yet?"
"I have made peace with Sakura as well. As you said, she is kind just like Taiga."
"Oh. Then there shouldn't be a problem."
I sigh with relief.

...Um, I don't want to know why she used the phrase "made peace", but it seems she became friends with Fuji-Nee and Sakura.
I'm sure all the problems in this house are solved now.
I'll go help Sakura out.
She's making breakfast for four people. I bet it'll be more time-consuming, and I also want to hear what happened last night.
It seems Saber went with my story, but there's a possibility that they started disliking each other after a night together.

"Good morning, Senpai. I've already starting to prepare breakfast."
"Good morning, Sakura. I'll help with breakfast, so can you give me some space?"
I go into the kitchen after putting my apron on.

"Oh, then please do all the grilling stuff. Um, rice is already cooked, so I'll make the miso soup and the side dish."

Sakura efficiently keeps cooking like always.
She doesn't seem to be worried about yesterday...

"Sakura. Um, about yesterday..."
"Yes? What do you mean by yesterday?"

"Well, it's about yesterday night. You three slept together, right? You seemed worried about having Saber stay here, so I'm wondering how it was."

"I don't understand when you just ask me 'how it was'. I won't answer you unless you ask me clearly."

"Um... I-It'll make me happy if you all got along..."
"Oh. Would it make you happy if I got along with Saber-san?"

"Well, it'd help me out. I decided on Saber's stay without your consent, right? So it's natural for you to be mad and to hate Saber.
 But if you can let it pass and be kind to Saber, um..."
"You'll be happy for me...?"


It's embarrassing to say it, so I just nod.

...She's right.
I'd be happy for Sakura if she would forgive me for letting Saber stay.
Since Sakura's like a family member to me, it'll relieve me if she can forgive my selfish decision.

"I'll answer you in that case.
 We have made peace with Saber-san starting midnight last night.
 I still find her a bit hard to deal with, but I'm sure I can be friends with her. She's hard to understand, but she's cute."

Sakura's smile comes from the bottom of her heart.
That makes me really happy.
It is, but

"Saber's cute...!?"
"Yup. Fujimura-Sensei's calling her Saber-chan, and it seems Saber-san is getting used to it.
 We were in the same room to keep a watch on her, but we'll be sleeping together tonight as well just because we want to."

"......"
That's an unexpected turn of events.
But Saber's cute, huh? She's beautiful, but I don't know about being cute...
I'll go wake Fuji-Nee up.
I know I'm making an absurd choice, but I want to find out what happened last night.
In the worst possible case, Fuji-Nee and Sakura would have made fun of Saber to make her angry, and I'm sure Sakura is mad about Saber staying.

I don't even have to think how troubling it would be to have Saber mad. And Sakura's pretty stubborn too.
So I'm sure it'd be best to ask Fuji-Nee, since she's the one who'll be over it if they did have a fight last night!

I roll up my sleeves and stand in front of the door.
...It seems Sakura and Saber are awake and in the living room and the dojo.

"Here I go. Fuji-Nee, it's morning!"
I slide open the shouji.
And I step into the tiger's den.
And I'm flung outside.

"Shirou? What are you doing there? It's almost time for breakfast, you know?"

She plays innocent as soon as she appears.
I see, I see.
So she doesn't remember grabbing me, rolling three times, and throwing me, huh?

"I'm not lying here because I want to.
 If you have any memory of it, at least help me up."
"Hm? Oh, I think I remember doing a special attack against this super robot that came to invade Earth."

Fuji-Nee opens and closes her hand.
The question marks appearing beside her make me think that she might recall the event, but she probably won't.

"Oh well. Let's hurry and go eat breakfast. I can't have Sakura-chan and Saber-chan waiting."
Dismissing what happened with a mere "oh well" is inexcusable.
I'll get her back for this someday, but there's something I need to ask her first.

"Wait up, tiger. What do you mean by 'Saber-chan'?"
"Hm? Saber-chan is Saber-chan. Sakura-chan, Saber-chan, and I are an alliance of girls that spent the night together!"
"That's a big lie. There are only two girls."

"......!!!???"
H-How was I hit when we were at least ten feet apart...!?

"This is the alliance of girls, over."
"O-Over..."
...I see, she rushed in here in a flash. As expected from a black belt. I keep forgetting, but Fuji-Nee was a well-known swordsman back in her student days.

"...Oh well. But you guys got along well? ...I thought Sakura wouldn't approve of her stay."
"Hm? Oh, I see now. You're pretty kind, Shirou. You were worried that Sakura-chan and Saber-chan wouldn't get along well, right?"

"...Of course I'll worry. I decided on Saber's stay without her consent, so I'm sure she doesn't like it.
 ...I don't like it if she hates me for it, but I can endure it. But I don't like it if Saber and Sakura feel bad."

"It's fine. Sakura-chan and I found out that Saber-chan's a good girl.
 Well, Sakura-chan isn't used to her yet since Saber-chan's kind don't get along with her kind. But they've made peace, so there's nothing for you to worry about."

I don't know what she's so happy about as she makes her way back to the house.
Well, I'm happy too since the problem here is solved now.

"...Fuji-Nee left her student lying on the ground..."
What can I do? I can't stand up after hitting the ground so hard...

Man.
I didn't think that the student council would be closed as well.
There aren't that many people here now, so it'll be difficult to ask around.

"...I'll go home for now. Fuji-Nee should know something about Mitsuzuri."

I get my bag and go out into the hallway.
The sky is tinted red.
The sun is setting and it should get dark in an hour or so.

I get to the stairs.
As I start walking down, I hear a sound above my head.

"?"
I look up.
There
Tohsaka is standing at the top of the stairs.

"Oh, you're here too, Tohsaka?"
"............"
She doesn't answer.
First this morning and then just now... I think her glares are getting worse every time I greet her.

"What? I'm gonna go if you don't have any business with me."
I raise my bag to show her that I'm going home now.

"Sigh."
...?
I don't know why, but Tohsaka sighs.

"I'm stunned. Coming to school without your Servant. Are you sane?"
She murmurs without emotion.

"Of course I'm sane. I can't turn Saber into spirit form, so there's no way I can bring her to school."

"Then skip school. It's like asking for others to kill you if a Master is walking without its Servant.
 ...Do you know how stupid you are, Emiya-kun?"

"WhaI'm not stupid!
 Don't say ridiculous things. Masters don't fight in front of people, right? Then it's out of the question to fight during daytime, and at a school at that."

".........Oh, then let me ask you. Are there people watching us now?"
"Huh?"
What's she talking about? I don't even need to check if there are people around

"Huh?"
Why is this?
Conveniently, there is no one here.
There's no one in the third-floor hallway. I'm sure that's the same for the fourth and the second floor.

The red-tinted building is quiet.
I bet there are only teachers remaining on the first floor

"It seems you finally understand.
 ...Geez, I was more pissed than astonished this morning.
 I told you so many times, but you still came to get killed."
Saying so angrily, Tohsaka rolls up her sleeve.
"?"
A slender, white arm.
On the feminine arm...
Something like a glowing tattoo appears.

"What?"
It's not a Command Spell.
Could that be? Even though I don't have one, it must be the proof of a magus, a Magic Crest.

"I don't even need to explain to you, right?
 This is a crystallization of the magic passed down my family. I can cast any magic carved on here just by filling it with magical energy."
...Yes.
A Magic Crest is like an attached engine, separate from the Magic Circuit in a magus.
There's no difficult incantation or procedure to follow.
It is an ultimate hastening mechanism that runs the car called magic just by turning it on.
But the Magic Crest will not show up unless it is in use.
The Magic Crest is like a separate Magic Circuit that is formed using the magical energy of the magus.
"I told Archer to go home. The 'Gandr Shot' in the Magic Crest should be enough for you."
There's no emotion in her voice.

That makes me realize that she's serious.

"You can run away, but that's just making it hard on yourself. I'm going to win in the end no matter what you do."
She coldly says so.
But my head's spinning.

Fight here...?
Why does it have to be here?
Why does it have to be now?
And why do I have to fight against Tohsaka?

"H-Hold on, Tohsaka! Are you insane? This is the school! Who knows who'll come up if we make a commotion"

"I'll think about it when that happens. I don't let chances in front of me slip by. I'm sorry, but I'm taking care of you right here and now.
 ...And besides, I don't think I can stand having you walk about carelessly."

"I-I said hold on...! I don't have any intention of fighting you"
"I do even if you don't! Just prepare yourself, Shirou!"

She moves her arm and starts the fight.

"!"
What sort of magic is it?
The instant she points her left hand at me, my vision is filled with light.

"......!"
It's about four steps forward to the stairs leading to the second floor.
If I'm to retreat back to the hallway, it'll also take me about four steps to get to cover.
This is no time to think. I
Tohsaka's serious.
There's no place to run, even if I retreat back to the hallway. I'll jump down the stairs in front of me...!

"Hah!"
I kick the floor with full force.
It's about a meter and a half down. I can easily take this kind of height...!

A running long jump of a meter and a half high, a meter wide.
I land without hurting myself.

"Fu"
I have an advantage of one floor between us.
So now, I only have to run down to the first floor and get out of the building

"?"
What... happened?
It came from above...
It feels like a giant blob of jelly fell on top of me...
I can't move my legs.
The weight of the jelly is stopping my feet.
I try to shake off the pressure on my back.

I feel like throwing up when I move.
...It's cold.
I have goosebumps all over me, my joints are hurting, my muscles are heavy, and my organs are half shut down.

"Crapt-this is..."
It's not because of the jelly that I can't move.
This is a bad case of the cold.

Tohsaka's magic.
The Gandr Shot, a magic that'll infect the target with a cold, has hit me.
As a resultmy body is so sick that it can't move on its own

"Just as I expected. I knew you'd go there if I prepared an easy escape route."

I hear Tohsaka's voice from afar, as if she's contacting me from the moon.

"Let me apologize first. What I'm going to do now is as bad as taking away your life."

Her cold finger digs into my neck.
When I realize it's Tohsaka's finger and try to fling it away...

"Goodbye.
 I don't think you knew, but I've known you for a long time."

My consciousness shuts down as if it's shorted out.

"...Huh...? It's morning already?"
I rouse my sleepy mind and pull myself up.
It's past six o'clock. I should be preparing breakfast now.

"Good morning, Senpai. Breakfast is already prepared."
"Oh. ...I'm sorry, I made you do it by yourself again. I'll make dinner, so please forgive me."

"No, you can't do that. It's my turn to cook tonight, so please let me."
"Ugh. But I'd be relying on you too much if I made you cook breakfast and dinner. Let me cook tonight. I want to make it up to you for sleeping in."

"Hmm. Then let's cook together.
 I'll help you, so please come home early."
"All right. I'll cut work short today."

I head to the table while apologizing to Sakura.
Breakfast's already on the table, and Fuji-Nee runs in at the last second like always.

"Good morning! Everyone sure is doing well this morningwait, huh...? What is this, Shirou!?"
"Huh? What do you mean? Did you forget something at your house?"

"Huh? Huh? Huh? That's weird. I thought something's strange, but nothing's strange at all.
 ...But it's still bothering me. Shirou, aren't you forgetting something?"
"Forgetting something? Like what?"

"D-Don't ask me. I'm asking you since I can't figure it out.
 Sakura-chan, don't you think something's strange? It feels like we're forgetting something or missing something."

"No. I think it's just your imagination, Fujimura-Sensei.
 We're not forgetting anything nor are we forgetting anyone."

"Hmm. Oh well. If I can't remember it, it must mean it's not important."
Fuji-Nee seems satisfied as she sits down and starts eating.
This is a normal morning in this household.

Thirty minutes after Fuji-Nee and Sakura leave...
I leave the house as well.

I walk up the hill.
It's past seven-thirty. The road is filled with students like me.
A familiar scene.
I breathe in the perfect morning air.

...Then.
I notice that a female student is looking at me.
She must have found it awkward that our eyes met, as she starts walking on quickly.

"Oh, Emiya? Were you glaring at Tohsaka?"
"Huh...? Oh, morning, Issei.
 I wasn't glaring at her. It's just that our eyes met."

"Really? That's fine, but make sure not to pick a fight with Tohsaka, okay? It's her principle to counter twice as hard. You'll be throwing away your last year in school if you do so."

I don't know how serious he is, as Issei murmurs Buddhist scriptures.
But that's needless worry.

"Are you stupid? First of all, I don't even know her.
 ...Well, she did look beautiful, but I didn't know such a person went to our school."
"Yes, that is the correct response. That thing is too much for us humans. It is our way not to get involved with her.
 Huh, I was worried for a second, but everything is settled now!"

Issei goes up the hill.
"......"
I watch him go as I stand there.

A morning scene with nothing missing.
My left hand hurts a bit.

"Everything's settled? What happened and what ended?"
I hear the first bell from the top of the hill.

...It's eight o'clock already.
As the school gate closes, I feel like I'm locked out from something.
"I"
...Nothing comes to mind.
I feel uneasy for some reason, and I can't think of where to go or where to return to
I still have the weapon in my hand!

I swing my arm while still suspended.
She must have seen it coming.
The Servant in black avoids it midair.
The Death in front of me smiles.

"!"
I swing my body desperately to avoid it, but it's useless.
The Servant mercilessly thrusts her "nail" at my eye
And she is shot from the side by numerous bright bullets.

"Ouch...!"
I fall to the ground.
The bullets cut the chain and I hit my butt on the ground.


The Servant in black turns her back.
She jumps onto a branch and retreats like a beast.
I can pull out the nail in my right arm!

I throw away my weapon and reach for my right arm with my free left hand.
"You are brave. You are always selecting the choice that brings you pain."
But my movements have to be like slow-motion to her.
The Servant in black thrusts out her nail to pierce my left hand as well!

"!"
I swing my body desperately to avoid it, but it's useless.
The Servant mercilessly thrusts her "nail"
And she is shot from the side by numerous bright bullets.

"Ouch...!"
I fall to the ground.
The bullets cut the chain and I hit my butt on the ground.


The Servant in black turns her back.
She jumps onto a branch and retreats like a beast.
"Are you all right, Emiya-kun...!?"
As soon as she runs up to me, she takes my hand.

"I-I have to stop the bleeding...! Do you have anything to wrap around it...!?"
"Um... Oh, I have a handkerchief. It's probably clean since Sakura prepared it for me."

"Ugh, it's not much better than mine. But it's better than nothing. We can make do with my towel and that."

Tohsaka takes my pulse and murmurs something like a spell.
...It must be styptic and painkiller, as my right hand feels a bit better.
Tohsaka carefully puts the handkerchief on my wound and wraps the towel around it.

"......"
Seeing her like that reminds me.
Tohsaka is beautiful and a nice person.
I was watching her from a distance, admiring her for being an honor student, until three days ago.
As it turns out, her true personality was far away from my imagination, but it's not like she was any different inside.

My heart's pounding.
Tohsaka's a nice person, she's so close to me, and she's so beautiful that I can forgive her for everything that happened until now... I can't think straight

"All right, I guess this is good for now.
 ...So, what was that? I tried to back you up since you were in a terrible situation when I caught up with you."
"I don't know. I followed that person here, and I was attacked."

I concisely tell her what happened.
...I decide not to say anything about seeing Shinji.
It might have been my imagination, and even if it was him, I don't have any proof that he's connected with that Servant.


"Don't make a face like that. I couldn't tell who she was, but she's a Servant. So that means there's another Master here."

"...Yeah. I knew there was another Master at this school, so this means that Master finally made a move."
Tohsaka slumps her shoulders.
...Hm.
It seems Tohsaka already knew about this third Master.

"Hm?"
Then that Master is the one who attacked the female student...?
"Hold on, Tohsaka. How's that girl...!?"

"She's doing better. She's sleeping in the nurse's office now, so her life's not in danger."
"I see. That's good."
I sigh with relief.
...That means all problems have been resolved.
Then what's left is

"Huh? W-Why are you staring at me? H-Hey, I won't do something like that!"
I don't know how she misunderstood.
Tohsaka, um, sometimes makes the stupidest misunderstandings.

"Hey, I know that. You won't do such a thing. What I want to ask is if you want to continue. Do you want to keep fighting or not?"

Hearing this, Tohsaka freezes.

...How long did it last?
Tohsaka glares at me once, then hangs her head as if giving up.

"......"
That's fine.
But it troubles me if she makes such a face near me.

"Tohsaka? What do you want to do?"
"I won't do it. This is it for today. I'm not in the mood anymore, and I owe you for another thing."
She gets up and brushes dirt off her knees.

"Let's go. I know it hurts, but bear it until we get to my place."
Tohsaka offers me her hand.
"......?"
I tilt my head in wonder and look at Tohsaka's eyes.

"I'm saying we're going to my house. You can't heal that wound yourself, right?"
"Ohwell, that's true. But why?"

"Hey now.
 You'll die of necrosis if we leave that wound be. It'll be my fault if you lose your arm."
Tohsaka pulls at me as if telling me not to talk back.
"HuhHuh?"
Wait.
I don't get it at all.

Tohsaka's house is in the residential district on the other side of the town.
I guess there are Western-style houses at the very top, but I've never actually been up there.
This is as far as I've been, and I don't know anything about what lies ahead.

So.
This is the famous Western-style mansion at the top of the hillthe main base of Tohsaka, a magus with a prestigious lineage.


I look up at the extravagant mansion, dumbfounded.
...Well, I thought I was used to things like this because of Shinji's house, but this has its own taste.

"Emiya-kun? The entrance is over this way."
"Ohyeah. I know, I know."
I clear my throat and follow after Tohsaka.
...Man.
I can understand if I'm on guard being invited to another Master's base, but I'm getting nervous just thinking that I'm going into Tohsaka's house.
So.
This is the living room in Tohsaka's house, the place Tohsaka Rin lives every day.

"Let me see your arm."
She gets straight to the point.
"......Please."
I sit on a chair and show her my right arm.

She takes off the towel that's wrapped around it.
I think she's closer to me now.
I didn't notice before, but her black hair looks really pretty and causes my heart to beat faster.

"...Huh? That's weird. The wound's smaller than before. Do you have a healing charm on you?"
"Huhno, t-that's not true!"
"Really? But your wound's almost healed."
"I didn't say anything about it being prettyhuh? What did you say, Tohsaka?"

"I said your wound's almost healed up. I only stopped your bleeding, so it shouldn't be healed."

"Hm... But I don't know anything about it."
"...Really? Well, you are an amateur, so there's no way you can heal yourself. ...Then it might have to do with Saber's ability..."

"What does Saber's ability have to do with my wound healing?"

"...Well, this is just a guess. You might have made a mistake when you made a contract with Saber, so the flow of power might be reversed.
 I don't know how you formed your contract, but I hear that there are Servants that make their contractor immortal.
 Saber's self healing powers might be flowing into you."

"...Hmm. Does that mean my wounds will heal as long as our contract exists?"

"...Well, I guess so. But I wouldn't rely on it. Saber's healing your wounds, so it means you'll be using up Saber's magical energy.
 And more importantly, that's a power to heal your wounds, but not to bring you back to life. It'll be all over if you die, so don't do such a reckless thing again."

...Oh.
I don't know when she did it, but the bandage is wrapped already and the treatment is done.
She pats my arm and stands up.
So.
This is the living room in Tohsaka's house, the place Tohsaka Rin lives every day.

"Let me see your arm."
She gets straight to the point.
"......Please."
I sit on a chair and show her my right arm.

She takes off the towel that's wrapped around it.
I think she's closer to me now.
I didn't notice before, but her black hair looks really pretty and causes my heart to beat faster.

"...Huh? That's weird. The wound's smaller than before. Do you have a healing charm on you?"
"Huhno, t-that's not true!"
"Really? But your wound's almost healed."
"I didn't say anything about it being prettyhuh? What did you say, Tohsaka?"

"I said your wound's almost healed up. I only stopped your bleeding, so it shouldn't be healed."

"Hm... But I don't know anything about it."
"Really? You don't have a clue even though something like this happened before as well?

"Hold on, you're confusing me more now. Something like this happened before? When?"

"It was recently.
 You were wounded when Berserker attacked, right?
 That wound healed up by itself.
 ...I thought it was your magic at the time, but now that I think about it, you're not that skillful."

"Heh, sorry I'm not skillful. ...But what does it mean? I've never had such a thing happen to me before."

"...Hmm. The only reason I can think of is the contract you made with Saber. I don't know how you formed your contract, but I hear that there are Servants that make their contractor immortal.
 Saber's self-healing powers might be flowing into you."

"...Hmm. Does that mean my wounds will heal as long as our contract exists?"

"...Well, I guess so. But I wouldn't rely on it. Saber's healing your wounds, so it means you'll be using up Saber's magical energy.
 And more importantly, that's a power to heal your wounds, but not to bring you back to life. It'll be all over if you die, so don't do such a reckless thing again."

...Oh.
I don't know when she did it, but the bandage is wrapped already and the treatment is done.
She pats my arm and stands up.
It's getting late.
I went to the dojo with Saber after dinner to receive my punishmentSaber called it training, but I swear she was just beating me upand when we finished, it was past ten o'clock.
It seems they're sleeping together again today, as Fuji-Nee and Sakura go to the Japanese-style room.

"Shirou...? What is wrong? Are you not going back to your room?"
"Hm...? Yeah, I'm going. But there's one thing I wanted to ask you before that."

"Please go ahead. I will answer anything I can."


I guess I'll get right to the point.
What Archer said...
Servants, who have no freedom, seek the Holy Grail to obtain freedom...
It has to be the case for Saber, but he said Saber would not wish for freedom.

"...Saber. You need the Holy Grail, right?"
"Yes. My objective is to obtain the Holy Grail. I became a heroic spirit for that reason. I believe I told you this before."

"I know. But why?
 A Servant can stay in this world without a Master if it obtains the Holy Grail, right?
 Thenyou're going to obtain the Holy Grail and do what you wish here, right?"

"No. I will leave this world once I obtain the Holy Grail. It is not allowed for me, someone from a different time, to stay in this time. And most of all, I do not have anything I would want to do."

Her eyes show her determination.
It shows no hesitation nor lies. In that case, there's nothing I can say to her.

"I see. I can't tell you strongly since I don't know what your wish is, but..."

...I think it's unlike Saber to ask for a wish from the Holy Grail.
I don't know what the Holy Grail is.
But I vaguely think that it's not appropriate for this golden-haired girl.

"I promised you that we'll obtain the Holy Grail. ...So I'll believe your words for now."
"...? Is something wrong? You have not seemed well since you came home."

"That's not trueoh yeah. Saber, about our course of action."
Saber looks serious now.
As expected of her. Saber is Saber no matter how well she gets along with Fuji-Nee.
It's annoying, but her true nature is revealed in her fighting, like Archer said.

"I went to school today and found out there's a third Master there. ...Um, I had a quarrel with Tohsaka. A lot happened, and we ended up promising a truce until we find the Master hiding at our school..."

I report what happened today in a hurry.
Saber is listening seriously at first, but as the story goes on...
She starts to look at me unhappily.

"...Hm. Are you against cooperating with Tohsaka?"
"No. I agree that you should learn from Rin, as you have no knowledge.
 But I would have liked you to tell me earlier. And if you could have, consulted me beforehand as well."
Saber glares at me.
...I'm ashamed of myself since she's absolutely right.

"Then you will cooperate with Rin tomorrow to search the school?"
"Yup. I'll call for you if we find something strange, so stand by here until then."

"...Phew. It is too lenient a plan, but it will be perfect until you get used to battles.
 So we will be going after the Master that set up the boundary field at school?"
I nod.
After thinking for a while...

"Let me confirm.
 After we defeat the Master at your school, your cooperation with Rin will end, and she will be your enemy again.
 Is that correct?"
Saber asks to make sure.
Well
I can't say for sure.
I owe Tohsaka, and most of allI personally don't want to fight against Tohsaka.

"...No. I can't say for sure yet.
 There might be more to do even after we defeat the Master at my school. ...There's that monster called Berserker as well. If we can cooperate, we should cooperate for as long as we can."

"I see. I will obey if Master says so. ...But that will only make it harder for you. Please do not regret your choice when the time comes."
Saber bows and leaves.


...I know.
The more we cooperate, the greater the likelihood that we'll fight in the end.

...I should try to be Tohsaka's enemy for as long as I can if I don't want to be mentally hurt.
Or else, what's going to remain is a big scar.
Because no matter which one of us wins, the survivor has to finish off the loser
...I guess that's true no matter how much I smooth this over.
Tohsaka will challenge me even if I refuse to fight.
If that happensit'll just be more painful for Tohsaka if I get killed by her without putting up a fight

"...Yeah. She'll be my enemy again after we defeat the Master at my school. That's what you want, right, Saber?"
"Yes. I do not have anything to say if you understand. We shall cooperate with Rin and have you experience more battles."
Saber bows and leaves.


Battles are unavoidable as long as I'm a Master.
...We will eventually fight as long as we're alive.
When that time comeswill I be able to fight Tohsaka like Saber said?
...I walk through the night town.
It's still seven o'clock, so I still see people around.
I don't think any guard is necessary, but I can't turn down her goodwill.


But maybe I should've refused.
...My nerves are getting strained.
There are goosebumps on my skin, and I might throw up if I let my guard down.


I feel hostility from behind me.
The invisible guard is watching out for the one he has to protect.
...Man, how is he a guard?
The hostility I feel is definitely coming from the man behind me.

"This is fine. It might end up like that night if you go any closer to my house."
I tell the presence behind me.
Archer doesn't answer.
He just accepts my words and tries to leave.

"Wait. Don't you have something you want to say?"
I glare at the invisible guy.
The leaving presence stops.
He appears, with hostility still present.

"I have a better opinion of you. It seems you can at least feel hostility. Wow, I thought you were a pacifist who wouldn't even kill an insect."

"Don't mock me. I'm a magus. If my enemy wants to fight, I'll fight back."
I confront the knight in red.
He smiles as if to make fun of me and shrugs his shoulders.

"Don't be ridiculous. A magus that does not smell like blood is only a half-ass.
 Didn't you learn so from your teacher, Emiya Shirou?"
"Wha"
My spirits weaken.
...Kiritsugu certainly said so.

Magi are tinged with blood.
It doesn't matter if you hurt or don't hurt anyone. This path is a path wet with blood.
Isn't that why Kiritsugu told me not to be a magus?

"...Are you saying you don't smell blood on me?"
"Of course not. You're not fit to be a Master in that regard either. You are different from Rin."
"What is that? Are you saying you can smell blood on Tohsaka?"

"Yes. She is rather kind-hearted, but she's merciless when she has to be. She wouldn't go around looking for other Masters every day if that wasn't the case."


She's looking for other Masters every day...?
That means she's fighting other Masters.
It's not like it's over once she finds a Master.
Then

"...Then she's doing something like what happened at school every day?"
The event at school.
The same thing that happened in the woods today...

"Of course not. I wish today would be the only case. It seems my Master of great skill and mind turns immature only when she's facing you."

"First of all, she doesn't need to cooperate with you with the skills she has.
 But she's still doing meaningless things. I am against this cooperationbut well, it cannot be helped. Servants obey their Master."

"Isn't that right, Emiya Shirou? It means that a Servant has to obey its Master, even if he turns out to be a useless amateur."
...Is he...
Talking about me and Saber?

"I see. I feel bad for Tohsaka, partnering with such a cynical guy."

"...Man, I'm stunned. Are you still saying such things?
 I will warn you. Do not worry about your Servant's personality. We are summoned only to fight. We are only a tool bound by the Command Spell. You guys have total control over us, so ignore what your tool has to say."


I can't tell him that's not the case.
What Archer, the one bound by the Command Spell, said is definitely true.
...I can't think of Saber as a tool, but it's true that Saber is bound by the Command Spell.

"So, why did you stop me? Do not tell me it's something as ridiculous as wanting to make friends with me."
"!"
...Ugh.
I don't have a reason.
I just didn't like him, so I wanted to complain to him.

"Umoh yeah. You want the Holy Grail as well, right, Archer?"
I ask an obvious question in desperation.
Then.

"Holy Grail? Oh, the evil treasure chest that is said to grant wishes, huh? I don't want such a thing. My wish cannot be granted by a thing like that."
The knight in red declares contemptuously.

"What...?"
That's contradictory.
Servants desire the Holy Grail.
Isn't that why they answer the call of the magus and become Servants...?

"Wait, what's with that? Then why are you a Servant?"
"It could not be helped over the course of the event.
 I do not have free will. You must think we are answering the call by choice."

"What?"
'Don't have free will'...?
Does that mean he was called against his will even though he doesn't want the Holy Grail...?

"How stupid of you. Did you really not think about it?
 Look, a Servant is one that is summoned.
 No, heroic spirits are summoned not out of their own will, but by the wills of others.
 We become heroic spirits because of our achievements, and we become support for people in the future."

"But. Do you think that heroic spirits would really wish to be an aide to humans?"
"Well..."
...I don't know.
If they are called heroic spirits, they should be pure.
That's why I imagined them protecting people, but that's not the case for a lot of the Servants I've encountered.

"That's right. 'Heroic spirits' do not have a will.
 Heroic spirits are there just to protect the people."

"We are only summoned when there are inconveniences, and we disappear after we finish our remedial measures.
 We are beings that should not exist. We are not recognized even if we save the world.
 These are the heroic spiritsthe ones of convenience that are called the guardian.
 It is all over once we become one. Our wills are taken away."

"Wha"
One that is summoned only to disappear.
Heroic spirits are tools without a will?

"That can't be true. You and Saber have a will. ...You might have been summoned against your will, but don't you have a choice after you're summoned?
 Saber's saying she won't do things that go against her will."

"Of course. We are Servants. I don't know who made this system, but this war is well-structured.
 It gives form to what should only be a part of the main body, and we are summoned as the real heroic spirits.
 As heroic spirits are given bodies, we can regain our humanity with them. Along with our former desires and grudges."

"That is why Servants seek the Holy Grail.
 The Holy Grail should be able to fulfill our desires, and it will allow us to stay in this world as humans, even if it may be for a short while."

"Stay here as a human"
That must mean they can be set free as an individual and not a Servant.

...And to add, the Holy Grail has powers to grant wishes.
If it allows them to grant the wishes they had before they died, it's natural for Servants to cooperate with their Masters.
So the Holy Grail must be a miracle for the Servants as well.

"...How can you say you don't need such a thing? You can fulfill a wish you couldn't make come true, and you can even quit being a Servant."

"It is a simple story.
 I did not have a wish I could not make come true."

"Huh?"
"I am different from others. I made my wish come true, died, and became a heroic spirit.
 That is why I don't have any wishes, nor do I wish to stay here as a human. That must be the same for your Servant."

"D-Don't be stupid. Saber said she needed the Holy Grail. She's not like you, who's being a Servant without an objective."

"My objective?"
Archer murmurs.
"!"
Why is it?
It's just a normal murmur, but a chill runs through me.

"...Heh. It's the same even if you have or don't have an objective.
 Ask your Servant if you're curious. Saber's objective is to obtain the Holy Grail, but she will not use it for herself. In that regard, she is an ideal guardian. She is literally a 'slave'.
 Remember this.
 If you are to be her Master, do not forget this."

His presence disappears.
The knight in red talks cynically until the very end and leaves.
"I'm home."
Even though I don't feel like it, I follow my habit as I go into my house.

I feel liveliness from the living room.
I bet Fuji-Nee's watching TV and Sakura's preparing dinner.
Saberis she in the living room?


I recall Archer's words and shake my head.

I don't know what he wanted to say, nor do I want to know.
But it's stuck in my head and it won't go away.
A familiar called a Servant.
His honest opinion, scorning heroic spirits as mere cleaners.

"Oh. Welcome home, Senpai."
Even though she's in the middle of cooking, she comes out to greet me.
"I'm home. I'm sorry I'm late. How much of dinner's done?"

"I just started preparing. But I don't think I need your help. We're having stew tonight at Fujimura-Sensei's request."

"I see. There's certainly nothing I can help with."
Looking, I see that everything's been cut up already.
Knowing how good Sakura is, I bet all she has left to do is to cook it.

"Where's Saber? I don't see her in the living room."
"Saber-san is sleeping. She said she wanted to be woken up when you come home..."
"...Hm. Was Saber mad?"

"Um...... I don't think so. Saber-san always has sharp eyes."

...If Sakura's hesitating to say it, it must mean Saber's really mad.
It's only natural though, since I broke our promise of me coming home before dark.

"Oh, welcome home, Shirou. Saber-chan was really mad. She said she wanted to talk to you in the dojo after you got home."
Fuji-Nee says something really scary while she munches on a mandarin.

"Fuji-Nee. You didn't happen to tell Saber weird things, right? ...Um, like a person who breaks a promise should be punished by getting a beating with a shinai..."

"I did tell her. I told her she doesn't need to hold back."

I see.
So my enemies aren't just other Masters. There is another one hiding here as well.

"Can I ask you something? Did you take Saber to the dojo? Did you tell her to use a shinai if she wanted to train?"

"Yeah. We fought a bit, but she's amazing. She doesn't know kendo, but she seems more like a swordsman than I do. Does she do fencing or something?"

"No, I don't think she does. I think she's more like you."
...Like how she swings around a big sword unmatched to her size, and how she attacks enemies like a wild animal.

"Well, I'll accept the punishment since it's my fault.
 By the way, about Mitsuzuri. Do you know if she's home or not?"

"Huh? How do you know about that? I didn't think the news got out."
"I heard about her in the student council room. So, how is it? Did anyone find Mitsuzuri?"

I stare at Fuji-Nee.
Fuji-Nee's a teacher, even if she may not seem like one.
She keeps quiet about things she shouldn't talk about, and I'm sure she'd tell a lie to comfort a student.
So I have to stare at her to notice any changes while I ask about Mitsuzuri.

"So, Fuji-Nee. Has nothing changed?"
"...I guess it can't be helped. You look like you'll run out if I keep quiet, and it's not like this is a secret.
 But this is a special case, you know? I'm only telling you since you're her friend."

"I know. I appreciate it, so tell me quickly."
"I'll tell you the results. Mitsuzuri-san was found earlier today. I'm sure the examination's over and she's home by now.
 She's kind of confused, but she doesn't have any wounds and there's no danger to her life. I can't tell you anything else. If you're her friend, ask her about it."

"I see.
 So it wasn't serious, huh?"

...Thank God.
I don't know what Mitsuzuri got into, but I know it has something to do with the strange incidents happening in town.
It's likely that the source of it is this Master at my school.
I don't know what I would've done if something happened to Mitsuzuri.

"...Oh yeah. Sakura, can I talk to you for a bit?"
"Yes? What is it, Senpai?"
"It's nothing much. I'm just wondering if you know anything about Shinji."

"Um... I'm sorry, Senpai. I spent the night here last night, so I didn't go home. I heard that he skipped school today, but..."

"So you don't know what he's up to, huh? ...Yeah, it's no surprise you don't know. Sorry. I asked you something stupid."

"No, that's not true...! I know about Nii-san more than anybody else, so I should know why he skipped school, right?"
"I don't think so. And it really helps when you're here."

...The event in the woods.
If the person there was really Shinji, he has to have some kind of connection with the Servant in black.
Thenthere's the worst case possibility that he is a Master.
If that's the case, wouldn't it be dangerous to let Sakura go back to her house?

"Senpai, what does that mean?"
"Sakura. Spend the night here tonight. You can use Fuji-Nee's clothes if you don't have a change."
"EhS-Senpai, that's"

"It'd help me out if you can stay here for a while.
 Well, you can go home if it's inconvenient for you."
...Oh.
But it's absurd. It's troubling to be asked so suddenly to stay over.

"I'm sorry for saying things to trouble you."
I bow my head and apologize.
Then.
"...Okay. I'll do as you want."
Sakura agrees so quietly that it's almost lost in the sound of the cooking stew.
Congratulations, everyone!
This is the true ending of Tohsaka-san's route!
Life is back to normal for Shirou. This is indeed a grand finale!
Well, everyone, let's meet next time in Fujimura-Sensei's route, "We don't need tiger"-
No way, you idiot!
Lies that sound like they're true are not allowed! We can't have anyone tricked into confusion in the Q&A corner!
You have grown strong, buruma.
Oh, Senpai! Hi, you look beautiful as always!
Just go on and explain the situation, buruma.
Osu! There are two ways to get to this bad end!
One is a simple mistake in your choice. Getting shot at after stupidly escaping forward.
And the other is a bit troubling, and that is the case where you come here from Saber's route.
To put it simply, you need to restart from the morning of the 4th day if the 5th day's title was "Unlimited Blade Works" even though the title on the 4th day was "Fate".
To put it more simply
Death to betrayers.
T-That's wrong, Senpai. We came to this bad end because the alliance was not formed. It's not that Shirou betrayed you.
......
Oh, she's gone...
Anyway, there are two ways to avoid this bad end!
Escape back when you're attacked by Rin! Or if the choice didn't even appear, you have to restart from the morning of the 4th day!
And a special tip for those that came here without seeing any ending!
Um, you can't clear Rin no matter what you do during your first play.
It'll be smart to fight along with Saber as her Master at least once.
Hi, this is everyone's support, the Tiger Dojo...
I don't feel like doing this... Snakes and spiders sure are scary.
I don't get it. What's wrong with you today, Taiga?
Well, I hate snakes. I hate spiders as well. I hate things that crawl in general.
Wow. But snakes are in sake. You like sake, right?
...Where did you get that wrong information...?
Anyway, snakes are bad. And she's a real witch to hang Shirou with a chain. I can see her Master's character from how she's acting.
Fu.
...Hey. Why are you two laughing?
Noooothing. I'm just thinking about how brave you are.
 Only seven more times until you're dead.
Gaah!
You two sure are close! And what do you mean by seven more times until I'm dead!?
Who knows. I guess we can look forward to the 25th Tiger Dojo.
So. What shall we do about the usual training, dying master?
Hmm... I don't want to do it, but I will.
Well, Shirou should do his best without using the Command Spell. That is all.
What is that, dying master? That's not what you said before. You told us to go on and use the Command Spell.
It can't be helped since there are only two left. And it looks like this snake woman is testing Shirou, so it's dangerous to take the easy way out.
And don't call me dying master.
...Master. I'm beginning not to be able to tolerate this anymore.
I don't think it's forgivable to hit a lady's head.
No can do!
I have kept it a secret until now, but there's a petition that was sent to me.
"Please reeducate the selfish loli child with your powers, Sensei."
I have read this and decided to act like a devil to train you.
What is that? Who is this petition from?
That's a secret. Shirou has told me "please keep it a secret since she'll do terrible things to me if she finds out"!
Ohh. So the petition is from Shirou, huh?
Crap! No, it's not! I'm not a secret agent!
At the very least, please go easy on him!
Of course. Geez, what should I do to Onii-chan the next time I see him?
......
Well, everything is settled now! Please fight through the main story without seeing this devil child!

There are only two sets of shoes at the entrance.
Fuji-Nee's and Saber's.


I'm worried, so I go to the living room without saying "I'm home".
I go through the hallway with quick steps.
As I expected, Sakura isn't in the living room.
Moreover, there's a person that looks like Fuji-Nee doing something like cooking.

"Oh, welcome home, Shirou. Hm? What's with that surprised face?
 Did something happen?"
She must've been mixing flour, as she puts a bowl she's been mixing onto the table.

"YeahI am surprised.
 Um, everything's so different."
Actually, I don't remember how many years it's been since I last saw her doing something like cooking.

"Different...? Oh, you must mean Sakura-chan.
 She went home. Someone from her house called her and she had to go home."

"...I see. So Shinji must've called here."
It's needless help, but I guess he wanted to take care of it as quickly as possible.
"Shinji-kun? Hm, oh well."
After tilting her head in question, Fuji-Nee goes back to the kitchen.


...I'm a bit curious.
It's not completely dark yet, so I
I have to find out what Fuji-Nee's up to.
For the peace of our dinner, and for Saber, who's secretly looking forward to it!

"Excuse me... Oh, okonomiyaki? Are you hungry?"
"You're wrong. Sakura-chan left me in charge, so I'll be cooking tonight. I'll cook for all three of us, so can you go wake Saber-chan up?"


Wow, I'm surprised.
I don't know about her choice of food, but Fuji-Nee's acting like a woman, huh?

"Yeah. You should be able to cook if you're that old. Huh...? Why are you cooking rice, Fuji-Nee? You don't need rice with okonomiyaki."

"We do. I'm making kani-tama, so it'll just be an omelet if we don't have rice."
Fuji-Nee cracks open an egg as she says so.
The egg drops into the flour she's been mixing.


...I'm surprised.
It seems kani-tama and okonomiyaki are the same in Fuji-Nee's head.

"Fuji-Nee. I know you'll realize your mistake in a few minutes, but I'll come out and tell you."
"Uh... W-What? All right, tell me."
She must think something's wrong as well.
She looks at me with respect.

"Well. That's not kani-tama. It'll be a horrifying dish where you'll be putting okonomiyaki on top of rice. So let's remake this."
I clearly tell her.

"Hmm... Isn't it the same putting omelet or okonomiyaki on rice, kitchen chief?"
"No. First of all, I'm not a kitchen chief. We'll give Saber a wrong impression of Japanese food, so let's remake this."
I take the bowl away from Fuji-Nee.

"Ehn-no! I mixed it, so we can't waste it!"

"No, I'll make some snacks with this later, so this is going into the fridge.
 You go crack about five eggs and mix them thoroughly. Oh, the crab and the bamboo shoots are ready? Then I'll make the sauce. I'll let you cook it.
 It's all right. If I preheat the pan, even you can do it."

Well.
Now that it's decided, I'll need potato starch, ginger, vinegar, soy sauce, sugar

"...? What? I told you to do the eggs. Don't mix them too fast, okay? Use a chopstick and use the whole bowl to mix them."

I don't know if she's listening or not, as she's just looking at me like she wants to say something.
Then.

"Ehehe. You have dignity in the kitchen."
Saying so, she opens the refrigerator.
"Hm..."
Well, I'm glad to hear that, but is it a good thing that it's only in the kitchen?
...Yeah.
I'll go check on Sakura before the sun sets.

"I'm going to take a walk. I don't know what's up with you, but I'll leave dinner up to you."
"All right, take care. Dinner's going to be a delicious kani-tama."
Kani-tama, huh?
I guess even Fuji-Nee should be able to make that.

I go up the hill tinted by the sun.
Sunset is early during winter.
I have to go to Sakura's house quickly and check up on her.

"Oh, Senpai? Why are you here at this time?"
"Ohwell, I was just close by, so I thought I'd drop in."
"'Just close by', huh? All right, I'll say that's the case."

My bewilderment must have been funny, as Sakura smiles.
It's a big smile, and it doesn't look like Shinji's forcing her.

"Sakura. I really don't have any business here, but where's Shinji?
 Is he home right now?"
"Nii-san? No, I don't think he's home yet."

"He's not home...? Then who called my house? Weren't you told to come back here by Shinji?"
"Huh...? Fujimura-Sensei only told me that I should go home since my grandfather's waiting."


I see.
...But it is true that Shinji hasn't done anything to Sakura.
Shinji's her brother after all.
He would never involve such a good sister in this battle between the Masters.

...And there's one thing I have to tell her so I don't involve her in this mess.


We look at each other, dumbfounded.
We stare at each other for about ten seconds.

"U-Um... It's a bit disappointing, but it relieves me to hear that from you. I was told to stay at the house and not go anywhere during the night for a while."

"Y-Yeah, you're right. It's getting dangerous recently, so we should've done so earlier."

"Yes. I won't be able to go to your house for a while.
 It's disappointing, but it'll all go back to normal if I endure it for just a short while. Please come see me at the archery club until then, Senpai."

Sakura bows and goes back into her house.

I manage to make it back before dinner.
An angry swordsman awaited me at the entranceand I told her what happened today, about how we eliminated the boundary field at school, and how Tohsaka is expecting a counterattack tomorrow.

...I don't tell her about Shinji.
I don't want her to consider him as an enemy until I figure out his true intentions.

"I understand. Then let us eat, Shirou. Taiga has made dinner and has been waiting."
She must be hungry, as Saber quickly makes her way to the living room.

"I see. I haven't eaten anything she's made since we were kids."
I'm half scared and half looking forward to it.

...Man.
Who could have imagined that it was going to turn into such a disaster...?
"I'm going to go talk to Saber. I don't know what's up, but I can leave you in charge of dinner, right?"
"Yup. Look forward to the delicious kani-tama I'll be making."

"......"
I am a bit worried, but kani-tama is like an omelet, so Fuji-Nee should be able to handle it.

"I just got home, Saber."
I take my shoes off as I go into the dojo.

"Welcome home, Shirou. It seems nothing much has happened today."
Saber must like the atmosphere, since she's always here.

I match Saber and sit Japanese-style to tell her what happened todayabout how we eliminated the boundary field at school, and how Tohsaka is expecting a counterattack tomorrow.

"...I see. So the battle with the Master is tomorrow? Then I shall sleep well tonight and save my energy."

I nod back.
I know I'm being too optimistic, but I don't tell her about Shinji.
I don't want her to consider him as an enemy until I figure out his true intentions.

"But Shirou. Should you be here when it is almost time for dinner?"
"Well, I came to report to you because I don't have anything to do and there's time until dinner.
 It's not bad to relax until dinner once in a while."

"What...? Then you are not making dinner tonight...!?"
"Eh...? T-That's true, but is there a problem with that? Fuji-Nee's working hard, so I don't want to interrupt her."

"...Hmmm... Taiga's will to cook should certainly be respected. But... um, so you will not be helping her...?"

"Nope. It's all right. Fuji-Nee's a grown woman, so she should be able to make some kani-tama.
 She might even be better than me. She has an A-rank in unexpectedness, after all."

I give her a weird explanation.
But Saber frowns.
"...All right. I shall believe your words over Taiga's.
 ...Let me make sure. I can trust you, right?"
She makes sure with a threatening tone.

"Y-Yeah. You can trust me."
"...I heard that. Please do not forget the oath you made."
Saber relaxes her shoulders.

...Man.
Who could have imagined that this was going to lead to such a disaster...?
It's time for dinner.
Fuji-Nee's special kani-tama bowl is ready on the table.
It's a simple dish where there's rice in the bowl and kani-tama put on top of it.
It looks like there's a yellow lid on the bowl, and it honestly doesn't look good.

But it should make the rice taste better since it's in a bowl.
It's like katsu-bowl and teriyaki-bowl.
There's no way it can taste bad because the good taste of the ingredients seep into the rice.
The only drawback is that the taste is simple, but that's a small price to pay.

"Itadakimasu."
"All right, itadakimasu."
"Itadakimasu."
We bow and dig into our food.

Then.
The food isn't soft like kani-tama. No, it feels strange like I'm eating a main dish.

"N-NO WAY!?
 We have an emergency!! The kani-tama turned into something else in under a minute...!!!"

"........."
...This isn't an emergency or anything.
This is more like an okonomiyaki bowl.

"Hey, how did this happen!? I made it just like I was told!!"
"...Wow. Did the people at the Fujimura family teach you how to make this?"

"Yeah. I told them I'll be making a big omelet, so they gave me flour and other stuff."
"......"

I wanted her to realize the mistake right then.
I thought that being able to make an omelet was a function every human being was born with.
Kani-tama is just a variant of an omelet.
It was my mistake to assume that Fuji-Nee couldn't mess up something like that.
That's right, Fuji-Nee can't even cook an omelet...!

"Shirou."
...Then.
I hear a voice filled with disappointment.
"Saber...?"
I slowly turn to her.

"Shirou. This is hard to eat even for me."
...Crap... It's hard to tell, but it seems Saber's mad...

...The hellish dinner ends and it's time for a strategy meeting.
But I've already reported to Saber about what happened today.
Since it's likely that there'll be a fight tomorrow, we should be preparing.

"Then we will not be going out tonight?"
"No. It might be vexing for you, but sit tight for tonight. I don't intend to fight needless battles, and also, we're not in a condition to be fighting freely."

I'm inexperienced as a Master, and Saber has a limit to how many times she can fight since I'm not giving her any magical energy.
We can't be leisurely looking for Masters in our situation.

"...I understand. You certainly do have a point. It is not proactive, but we do need the utmost care for victory."

"But. If you have a will to fight, we cannot spend time leisurely. If we are to stay here tonight, we should use this time to train."

Saber stares at me.
She doesn't even need to tell me.
I brought Saber to this dojo with that in mind.

"I know. Do you remember what happened last night?
 We trained a bit since you told me I was slacking off for coming home late last night.
 ...That was a good lesson for me. No matter what I do, I can't beat someone I can't beat. I couldn't realize such a simple thing until I fought you."

"With that in mind, I think it's important to train with you.
 I don't know how effective it'll be, but I should be able to survive longer in battles if you train me hard."

"Then Shirou..."
"Yeah. Can you train me whenever we have the time?
 For today, that'll be until we go to bed."

I take the shinai on the wall.
...It's still eight o'clock.
There's still four hours until bedtime, so I'll train my heart... out!?

"H-Hold on, Saber!!"
I stop Saber since I feel my life's in danger.
Because as Saber turns to me...
"What is it? It seems you would like to train your readiness for battle, so I am only answering your enthusiasm."
She is obviously ready to kill me.

"Let us start our training, Shirou.
 I shall take that dullness out of you first. You should be alert so that something like tonight will never happen again."
So she is mad about dinner...!

"W-What is that!? That was all Fuji-Nee's fault!
 A-And even though you complained, you ate all of it"

"Please do not make excuses.
 By the way, Shirou. I will tell you before you faint. That was out of necessity. Please do not forget that."

"Oh"
...Saber disappears.

Oh man.
So I'll go through four hours of torture now, huh? .................Grudges over food sure are scary.
Dinner's over.
I finish cleaning up after dinner and face Saber in the dojo.
I tell her what happened todayabout how we eliminated the boundary field at school, and how Tohsaka is expecting a counterattack tomorrow.

...I don't tell her about Shinji.
I don't want her to consider him as an enemy until I figure out his true intentions.

"Then we will not be going out tonight?"
"No. It might be vexing for you, but sit tight for tonight. I don't intend to fight needless battles, and also, we're not in a condition to be fighting freely."

I'm inexperienced as a Master, and Saber has a limit to how many times she can fight since I'm not giving her any magical energy.
We can't be leisurely looking for Masters in our situation.

"...I understand. You certainly do have a point. It is not proactive, but we do need the utmost care for victory."
"But. If you have a will to fight, we cannot spend time leisurely. If we are to stay here tonight, we should use this time to train."

Saber stares at me.
She doesn't even need to tell me.
I brought Saber to this dojo with that in mind.

"I know. Do you remember what happened last night?
 We trained a bit since you told me I was slacking off for coming home late last night. ...Well, it was more like you were beating me up."

"......! That is because Taiga told me that I had to go hard on you or you would not listen to me. It is not because I was angry yesterday"
Saber says so in a panic.

"No, it's fine. ...That was a good lesson for me.
 No matter what I do, I can't beat someone I can't beat.
 I couldn't realize such a simple thing until I fought you."


"With that in mind, I think it's important to train with you. I don't know how effective it'll be, but I should be able to survive longer in battles if you train me hard."

"Then Shirou..."
"Yeah. Can you train me whenever we have the time?
 For today, that'll be until we go to bed."

I take the shinai on the wall.
...It's still eight o'clock.
There's still four hours until bedtime, so I'll train my heart out.
"Ouch... Man, Saber never went easy on me..."
I get into my futon.
My body is covered in bruises and pain-killing patches, and I'm sure it'll all be sore tomorrow.

"I'm tired."
I take a breath.
I trained my "strengthening" magic after Saber's training, and I'm tired both physically and mentally.

Saber and Fuji-Nee are sleeping in a room a bit away from here, but I don't care.
I'm just tired.
I'll sleep for now and prepare for tomorrow

...Am I dreaming?
My mind's dozing off.
My body's asleep and I can't move a finger.
Thenthis has to be a dream.

...It's a dark night.
My ears are ringing.
My feet are asleep, but I'm walking down the hill.

It's cold.
The wind is blowing on me, and since I'm in my pajamas, my body is freezing.
...This coldness is unlike Fuyuki City.
The chill would be cold enough to wake me up if this were a dream.

I walk through the empty town.
The annoying sound won't stop.
Ignoring my shivering body, my feet are moving toward somewhere.

"Oh."
I try to scream and realize that my throat is frozen.
This isn't a dream.
This can't be a dream.
But my mind's still asleep.
My limbsthey aren't following my orders, and they are walking on as if manipulated by something.

"Oh"
This must be the destination.
My feet move faster as they move up the stairs
The ringing in my ears turns into a voice.

"!"
No, that's wrong.
The sound hasn't changed at all.
It has been repeating the same thing over and over.
Come.
What fills my head is a female voice filled with magical energy.

I see the mountain gate.
Something's on the other side.
And...
If I cross that gate, I won't come out alive.

"!"
I don't know what it is, but my dozing mind screams out for me to run away.
Go back.
Go back.
Go back.
Stop. You can still make it. Wake up and go back. Wake up, wake up, wake up, don't listen to that voice...!!!!!
"......Oh!"
My consciousness wakes up.
My head clears and my will finally returns.

But it's too late.
My limbs don't obey me as they go through the mountain gate.
The only certain thing is my mind.
My body does not listen to my will and walks into the Ryudou Temple following the voice.

The temple is covered in darkness.
In the center stands "something" with an inhuman magical energy.

The figure wavers like a mirage.
The shadow reminding me of Death strips off the darkness and
The figure becomes a witch like one would see in a fairy tale.

"Stop right there, boy.
 I will kill you if you come any closer."
A sneering laugh.
...It seems my body is under her control.
My feet that never stopped freeze at the command.


My consciousness wavers.
My limbs still do not move, and an unknown "enemy" is standing before me.
...Yes, she's an enemy.
I can be sure of that.

She's a Servanta heroic spirit that excels the most in magic out of the seven Servants
"...Servant Caster...!"
I move my throat with all my effort and glare at my enemy.

"Yes, that's right, boy. Welcome to my temple. I welcome you, Saber's Master."
Her cool voice is mocking me.

"!"
I put power into my legs, but my body will not move.
Damn, what the hell am I doing...!?
I've been lured here, and on top of that, I can't move a muscle...!

"Ahkuh!"
I concentrate on my limbs with all my power.
I don't know what kind of a trick it is, but it has to be her magic that's restraining me.
Then if I can extract her magical energy out of my body...!

"You think you can free yourself? How cute of you. You're going to kill my spell with such a method? How naive."
"What?"

I concentrate all my will to search throughout my body.
Caster's magical energy...
The enemy's magical energy that's inside me, restraining my body.

...I look inside my body while keeping my eyes open.
It's all right. It's nothing difficult if I'm calm.
I identify the flow of magical energy every night.
I just have to do what I've been doing and identify Caster's poison inside of me.
Even if I can't get it out of my body, I can concentrate it into one of my limbs so that I can move the other three

"Huh?"
How can this be?
Caster's magical energy is not mixed within me.
The only poison-like element is this one small point on my chest.
But all of my body is acting abnormally.


It's not that there's something wrong with the blood flowing in me.
If there's something abnormal, it's not my blood but the blood vessels themselves.
It's like having my heart locked up.
The red spot on my chest has to be Caster's magical energy.
One cursed word is taking away my body's authority.

"Noway."
It means I was cursed when I was sleeping.
Even if I was asleep, it should have been impossible for me to be seized by a magic cast from so far away.

Magi have magic resistance.
It is the power to repel "magic" such as hypnotism, binding, and coercion.
As long as one is a magus, one cannot be easily controlled by others.

It's a fundamental law.
Magi have Magic Circuits.
The circuit in one's body does not only make magical energy, but it can also repel external magical energy.

Therefore, it is difficult to interfere with someone with a Magic Circuit, and it is difficult even to control a magus several ranks lower than you.
As the Magic Circuit repels external magical energy, magic is destroyed before it can be completed.

For that reason, indirect intervention magic, such as hypnotism and binding, has a low success rate.
Even if the target is not a magus, the magic can be repelled unconsciously if the target has a Magic Circuit.

From that point of view, an intervention of just attacking with pure magical energy like Tohsaka does, making a weapon in this world and attacking the opponent as a result, is a simple method.
Physical impact works on everyone.
It does not matter if the target has a Magic Circuit or not, as people will bleed if they are cut with a knife.


That's why this situation is strange.
...I'm sure I could be affected if I had magic cast on me from close-range.
If I had met Caster before and she had cast "coercion" on me, it's probable that I could be controlled even at a distance.

But I have not met Caster before, nor have I had a curse cast on me.
...So this is our first meeting.
Without moving from here, Caster cast a spell to the faraway Emiya house and controlled my body.

The word "witch" pops into my head.
If she can control a magus's body from a distance of a few kilometers...
Does it not mean that Caster can control everyone in this town from here?

"!"
...My spirits weaken.
As the magic is complete, there's no way I can dispel it.
I can't do anything unless Caster releases me or I get some outside help!

"Do you get it now? It is my magic that is binding you and not my magical energy.
 A completed magic cannot be washed away by water like magical energy.
 It is just like solid and liquid. The solid does not crumble even if water is poured on it, right?"
...The shadow steps closer to me.
The bluish-purple robe melting into the night is smiling.

"But there are exceptions.
 For example... Yes, the magic you people make is like mud buildings to me.
 I can wash it away with a violent water current, even if it may be a solid.
 Do you understand? The difference between us is that great."

"Isee. That's why you brought me here, huh?"

"Yes. All the Masters are weak, but you are the weakest by far.
 Your magic resistance is on the same level as that of the ordinary people in this town.
 It is only natural that I would want to talk to such a Master, you know?"

She smiles.
She shows superiority as if I'm her prey.

"!"
...A chill runs through me.
Don't lie about wanting to talk to me!
She's ready to kill me at any moment!

"See, you're misunderstanding again. Don't worry. I can't suck up your magical energy if I kill you.
 Everyone in this town is mine.
 I have to let them live and have them give me every bit of their magical energy."
Her laugh echoes in my ears.

"What?"
A missing piece fits inside my head.
Did she just say she'll suck up all the magical energy from the people in this town!?

"Caster...! You involved innocent people in this...!"
"Oh, you didn't know? I thought you already knew since you cooperated with that little girlI see.
 You didn't know, huh?"
Caster smiles even more.
It seems like she's pondering how to kill her prey.

"In that case, I shall tell you. I, Servant Caster, have the privilege to make a 'territory'.
 A magus has a workshop, right? It's just like that.
 I constructed a temple in this place to protect myself.
 Fortunately, this land is an unfavorable land for Servants.
 It's excellent as my territory, and most of all, it's easy to collect magical energy from here."

"I couldn't hold back at first since you people only had small amounts of magical energy. But I can collect it pretty well now.
 You can see it, right? The preserved magical energy, pieces of people, in this land collected from hundreds of people."

"Thenthe incidents occurring in town are..."
"Yes. I told you this is my temple, right?
 Then is it not the people's duty to offer me sacrifices?"

"!"
The strange coma incidents happening in town.
I thought there weren't that many victims, but she just said hundreds of people.

When I strain my eyes...
It looks like the swirl of magical energy in this place is made of more than a thousand souls.

"Caster......!!!!!!"
I concentrate all my will into my limbs.
But there's no change, and Caster's standing there as if to make fun of me.

"Well, let us finish our conversation.
 It must be boring for you to stay like that as well."
She whispers into my ear.
At the same timethe enemy I couldn't see fills my vision.

"Saber's Master. I shall take that Command Spell from you.
 ...Saber is too valuable to have disappear.
 I shall have her defeat that annoying Berserker."


Caster raises her arm.
Her fingers are going for my arm

"Take... my... Command Spell?"
Is that possible?
I think Tohsaka said that one needs to pull out the nerves along with the Command Spell

"That's right. I will cut off your arm and transplant the Command Spell to my Master.
 But the Command Spell is one with the owner's Magic Circuit. So taking out the Command Spell means I will be taking out your nerves as well."
Caster says so as if it's nothing at all.

"Wha"
Pull out my nerves?
She'll cut off my arm and take all the nerves in my body with it?
If she does that, I'll

"Yes, you should turn into a vegetable. But you can be assured that I won't take your life."
"!!!!"
I desperately put power into my limbs, but they don't even twitch.
My limbs won't move, and I'm like a prisoner about to be executed...

A bewitching smile.
The glowing fingers reach out for my left hand like a crawling spider

My body feels heavy.
My awakening comes with a headache.

"...I wonder if it's because of the wound from yesterday. My right arm's still hurting."
I murmur while getting up.
It's past six o'clock.

"Crap, I should be making breakfast...!"
I jump out of my futon and change instantly.
Fuji-Nee and Sakura have morning practice.
They'll be leaving here around six-thirty, so I won't make it unless I hurry.

After I see them off, I drink tea with Saber.
Time flies by and it's past seven o'clock before I realize it.

"I'm going now. Take care while I'm gone, Saber."
"Yes. Please be careful yourself as well. Do not do anything reckless, even if you may be with Rin."
"Yeah, I learned that yesterday. I'll ask for your help if I'm to go after an enemy."

I wave goodbye and leave.
The morning air is peaceful.
But the place I'm heading to isn't normal anymore.

"All right."
I get myself mentally ready as I go down the hill.
Tohsaka's acting like a Master, so I should act as one too.

I get to class right on time.
I greet people as I make my way to my seat.
"Huh?"
On my way...
My eyes catch a glimpse of someone and my mind goes blank.

"!"
I don't need to think.
I run straight to Shinji.
"Shinji, you!"

"Hey, Emiya. What's going on? You're looking pretty dangerous. Did something happen to you while I was gone?"
"Shut up. What did you do to Mitsuzuri?"

"Mitsuzuri? Oh, Ayako. I heard she ran away. I heard about it in the range this morning. So she was found in Shinto, huh?"
I don't know what's funny, but Shinji laughs.
It looks like he's sneering at her.

"...Don't play dumb. You're the last one that talked to her. I'm asking you what you did to her then."

"Huh? We only chatted for a bit.
 More importantly, did you hear about it, Emiya!? Ayako was fucked up in the back alley! It must've been rough! I heard her eyes were spaced out and her uniform was messed up.
 Well, I don't know what happened, but it's not something I can ignore, right? I'm kind of curious how that conceited girl got trashed."


"Why the angry face? It's just a joke. Ayako's under care now, right? I think she's staying at her house now. Well, I guess it'll be harder for her once she comes back, because the rumor will have spread by then."

"Shinji. Are you saying you told everyone at the archery range about this?"
"Maybe. But all the first years know about it already. I hear the rumor's been flying around since yesterday."
Shinji sounds happy.


...I clench my fists.
Did he go around and tell everyone such a story?
Mitsuzuri is a girl. Everyone thinks she's strong, but she's still a girl.
So no matter how strong she is, it'll destroy her if such a rumor is spreading.

And he still spread the rumor in spite of that?
He took a secret and spread it irresponsibly!?

"Shinji, you...!"
I grab his shoulder.
"Don't glare at me like that. I said I don't know anything about it. You'll regret it if you hit me for selfish reasons."
Shaking my hand off, Shinji goes to sit down.

The homeroom bell rings.
"
!"
I can't stay standing when everyone's sitting down.
I glare at Shinji one more time and head to my seat.
The day ends.
School's over and the students head home one after another.


I could have questioned Shinji, but I don't have any proof right now.
Even if I told him about seeing him in the woods yesterday, it would amount to nothing if he tells me he just happened to be there.

"...I have to find proof first."
I don't know if he's a Master or not.
But I'm sure he has something to do with Mitsuzuri's case.

"How to identify a Master... I can only strip them and look for the Command Spell, huh?"
Well, I'm sure no Master's going to allow me to do that.

"It's almost time. Tohsaka might know of a good way."
I get up.
I promised Tohsaka I'd meet her in the hallway after school.

I get together with Tohsaka and look around the whole school.
According to Tohsaka, the boundary field has its foundations set up throughout the school.

Tohsaka's been searching and erasing them, but it seems they keep coming back up or new ones are created, preventing Tohsaka from completely eliminating the boundary field.

"The boundary field's already set up.
 What I'm doing is weakening the effect. It's better than nothing, and I'm sure the Master won't activate it until it's complete."
...That's the case according to her.

"Tohsaka. Can I ask you something?"
I call out to Tohsaka after she eliminates the mark on the rooftop.

"What? Do you still feel something strange on the rooftop?"
"Ohno, this is about a different matter. I don't feel anything strange here now. I can't feel anything."

"I see. I guess we've erased all the active marks now.
 You can't sense magical energy, but you're really sensitive to abnormality in the air. I didn't think I'd be able to erase all the marks so fast."

Tohsaka's in a good mood.
I'm happy I got to be of help, but this is no time for that.

"Tohsaka. Can Masters recognize other Masters? Does their presence change even if their Servant is in spirit form?"
"No, but... yes, you can identify a Master if he hasn't done anything to hide it."

"All Masters are magi, so you can find them if you follow the magical energy. Additionally, they've formed a contract with a great familiar called a Servant, so their magical energy will leak even if they hide it."

"You haven't noticed since you're slow, but I leave magical energy behind me. A magus would know right away I'm a Master, and I'm sure I can recognize another Master if I see him or her."

"Really...!? But you didn't know I was a magus. Why is that?"
"What? You want me to say it?"
Tohsaka sounds mean now.
...I have a bad feeling about this.

"No, it's fine. I think I figured it out."
"Smart move. Well, that's how it is. There are people who have small amounts of magical energy that aren't magi. Magi approve others as magi only when they have more than a set amount of magical energy."

"Yeah, yeah. I figured that out.
 ...Oh, then what do you feel from me now?"

"Hmm, you haven't changed at all.
 I heard it was an incomplete summoning, so I bet the connection between you two is small except when healing your wounds.
 Well, I guess that's possible since you're a special case."

...Hm.
Then Shinji isn't a Master.
Even if I can't tell, Tohsaka can identify a Master.
Tohsaka should be able to feel the lingering magical energy if Shinji is a Master with a Servant.

"Oh. You say we have to look for Masters, but it should be easy once we start. We just need to follow the trail of magical energy, right?"

"That's not true. If they have an item that can hide their magical energy, nobody would find out about them.
 ...Well, I think items that can hide a magical energy as large as a Servant are rare, so I don't think any Master has one."

"Then you can't detect a Master even if he's close to you, if he has such an item?"

"Hmm. It would depend on what he has, but I think I'd be able to tell if I go near him. As long as they've formed a contract with a Servant, friction with the world will occur."

"If I can't identify a Master even when I'm near him, it means that the Master isn't using his Servant.
 Well, I guess there are exceptions, but that'll be the case nine times out of ten."

We return to the classroom.
Even though we couldn't find any clues about other Masters, it seems Tohsaka's happy that we eliminated a lot of the marks.
She said something about the enemy coming out in the future because we were so active and whatnot.

"You're patient. You don't know how long it'll be before that happens, right?"

"Really? A person who would set up a boundary field like this won't just stay quiet if something like this happens. I'm guessing he or she will come out tomorrow.
 This person won't let the same thing happen twice."
Tohsaka sneers at the Master we have yet to see.

"Hmm. So that's how it is?"
"Yup. Well, I have some things to do, so I'll be going home now. I have to buy a lot of stuff in preparation for tomorrow."

"I'll see you tomorrow. Go home early today, okay? Go straight home."

"Hm? Oh, you're worrying about me?"
"...! N-No, it just screws up my plans if my ally dies! I'm just making sure!"

Tohsaka says so quickly.
Her panic is so unlike her, and it's obvious that she's only hiding her embarrassment.
I see.
I'm beginning to understand more about Tohsaka.

"Anyway! You're too defenseless, so don't do careless things! I'm an exception, but other Masters will kill you in a matter of seconds!"
Tohsaka looks away and tries to leave.

"Oh"
Seeing her leave, I suddenly...
"Tohsaka. Is Archer by your side?"
...Murmur something meaningless.

"He is. What? Do you need to talk to him?"
"...No. I'm just wondering if you two are getting along."
Tohsaka looks back at me in wonder at the sudden question.

Then.

"Ohhh, I see.
 You don't need to worry. He's a good guy even though he's rebellious. He's immature in spite of his looks, and he's fun to be with."

Saying so happily, Tohsaka disappears down the stairs.
Mitsuzuri's case might still be affecting me, as I am at the archery range before I know it.
The range is far from the school building and seems deserted.
The club activities are over, so there's nothing to find here.

"......I guess I'll go home."
I turn around and head to the gate.
And between me and the gate...
...Stands Matou Shinji, as if to block my way.

"Hey, you're going home this late? Weren't all students supposed to go home immediately since it's getting dangerous recently?"

I don't think I can be calm facing Shinji here.
I ignore him and keep walking.

"I see. You're so tired that you can't even greet your friend, huh?
 You're tired because you're doing meddlesome things like destroying the spells."
His voice sounds delighted.
"!"
I jump back and ready myself.

"Spellif you're using that word, then..."
I glare at Shinji.

"Yup, that's right. The boundary field that you thoroughly eliminated is a security measure I set up.
 If you destroy it like that, I'll be so scared that I won't be able to come to school anymore."


...I see.
So this is how stupid I am.
I knew about it when I saw Shinji in the woods, but I rejected the idea because I was unprepared for the truth.

"Hold on. Don't be on guard like that. Since that annoying Tohsaka's gone, let's talk things over as men. As you know, I don't like fighting."
"Talk things over...? You don't want to fight me?"

"Of course not.
 I'm guessing you were forced to be this Master thing as well, right?
 It happened to me too. I was forced to be a Master even though I'm not a magus, nor do I have a will to fight."

"I'm trying to find a way to get through this without fighting anybody. So that's why I have no intention of fighting you."

"...I see. Then what's up with that boundary field? You're saying you don't want to fight even though you have such a thing set up?"

"Are you stupid? That's for my protection. There's a pure magus named Tohsaka in this school.
 She won't hesitate to fight. Since I'm not a magus, I have to set up protection for myself.
 That boundary field is set up for that purpose alone. I won't activate it as long as I don't get attacked."


...He's making sense.
I don't know if Shinji is really a Master or not, or how he became one.
But I can trust his story.
If Shinji says so, I should believe him.
But before that

"Shinji. Are you the one that attacked the female student yesterday?"
I have to get this question answered.

"...Oh, that? I couldn't help it.
 My Servant's unmanageable, and she attacks people if I let her be.
 I'm just a normal person. I'm not a magus like Tohsaka, so it's hard for me to get her to obey me."

"Then what happened yesterday is an accident? Your Servant did it herself?"

"Yeah, I'll be careful from now on. I don't want anything happening here either. I'll make sure the only thing she does is to protect me."

"You swear that's true, Shinji?"

"Yeah. Why would I lie? I could've kept it a secret, but I told you about it.
 You were getting suspicious of me, right? I'll have to fight back if you attack me, so I came out with it before that happened.
 I don't want to fight anybody."

...I can't trust everything he says.
But if Shinji really thinks soeverything would work out.

"All right, I'll believe you. If you're not going to do anything, I won't do anything to you either. That's fine, right, Shinji?"

"Good, you're understanding for once.
 But that's not good enough. Can't you tell why I came here to talk?"

Shinji holds out his hand.
So that means...

"Do you want to cooperate with me, Emiya? I'm sure you don't know, but the Matou family is a family of magi.
 ...Well, magic died out in my father's generation, but we still have the knowledge. How does it sound? I'll be helpful to an inexperienced Master like you, right?"


The Matou line is a family of magi...?
Tohsaka didn't say such a thing.
No, she must have excluded him since magic died out in his father's generation, like he said.

"So, what do you say? We can survive through the Holy Grail War if we cooperate. You shouldn't even need to think about it."


His hand is held out.
...Shinji's proposal isn't bad.
It makes sense, and it's a viable option.
But

"...Shinji. Does Sakura know that you're a Master?"

"Huh? You really must be an amateur, Emiya.
 Listen, a family of magi only teaches its secrets to the eldest son. Other children are just spare organs.
 It's meaningless to teach magic to such a thing, and it's a waste of time.
 ...Geez. A slow woman like her wouldn't be able to use magic.
 I'm the only one that inherited the secret."


I see.
That's really good.
Sakura shouldn't be involved in all this.
I want her to be smiling happily all the time.

"Shinji. If you won't do anything to me, I won't do anything to you. That's good enough, right?"

"......I see. So you won't cooperate with me?"

"We don't need to, right? If we're not going to fight, cooperation's meaningless.
 If you only want to protect yourself, have the church take care of you until the Holy Grail War ends. You know that, right?"

"...Oh. What is this? Are you trying to win this war?"


...I have no intention of fighting.
But I'll fight anyone that attacks me, and I can't just ignore people that'll bring disaster to this town.
And

"...I won't kill people. But I have to see what the Holy Grail really is. To do so, I have to survive until the end, right?"
I turn my back to Shinji.

"I see. So you're going to fight no matter what, huh?
 It has nothing to do with me, but you're not intending to involve Sakura in this, are you?"

"There's no way I'll let her get involved. You're going to hide this from her too, right?"

"Of course. But as her brother, I can't let her stay at a house with a guy who's going to fight.
 If you're going to fight, I won't let Sakura out of my place until the Holy Grail War ends. That's fine, right, Emiya?"


...Shinji does have a point.
As long as I'll be fighting, my house is in danger.

"All right, I'll tell Sakura. Is that good for you, Shinji?"

"Okay. I'm glad you're so caring.
 To be honest, I was scared if you were going to hold her hostage. Well, my problem is solved for now."
I don't know what's funny, but Shinji laughs.

"That's all I have to say. I'm going home."
"Go ahead. Oh, but you know that this is our secret, right? I came out with this secret since you're my friend. I don't know what I'll do if you go and tell somebody about this."

That must mean he'll activate the boundary field if I tell Tohsaka about this.

"Yeah, I won't tell anyone. But it's a different story if she finds out herself. I'm going to help her as much as I can. I won't stop her from fighting you if she finds out about you.
 ...So if you don't want to be found, don't do anything."

I head to the gate for real.
The school building is tinted by the setting sun...
Shinji sees me off without a word.
I am dreaming.

Using a small connection like a blood vessel, I see a memory that I cannot reach.

It is his memories.
At the very least, it's not mine.
This is someone else's story.
It's so long ago that he doesn't even recall it.
It's so old that he doesn't even try to recall it.
It's so ancient that he cannot recall it.
It is...
A heavy burden of a contract that has been established and cannot be withdrawn.

It's not like he wanted something.
If anything, he was the kind of guy that could not put up with anything.
He cannot put up with having people cry around him.
He cannot put up with having people get hurt around him.
He cannot put up with having people die around him.
That's the only reason he had.
And for that reason only, he tried to help everybody in his sight.

He was clumsy, and it made you worry if you were looking at him.
But he would accomplish it in the end, and I think he changed a lot of people's lives.
I'm sure his life was a happy one.
His clumsy battles were not meaningless.
He was able to save people proportional to how much he got hurt and how many times he faced death.

...But there's one pitfall there.
I said everybody in his sight.
But one can never look at oneself.
So, in the end.
He could not save the most important person of all, himself.

I don't know how it ended up like that.
No, it should be the other way around.
It was a wonder that it didn't end up like this earlier.
Anyway, it was a terrible disaster.
A lot of people died, and a lot of people were facing death.
Something that could not be solved with his powers alone.
With many deaths in front of him, he...

"Let me make a contract. I shall give you my life after my death. I would like the compensation now."

Yes, he made a contract with something as mysterious as the world.
Throwing away himself to save people.
It is the birth of a hero.

That's all.
There's nothing after that.
Even if he is called a hero, it doesn't change what he does.
From the beginning, it was not his objective to be a hero.
It's just that he needed the power of a hero in the process.

But his end came rather quickly.
An excellent savior is nothing but a nuisance for the people that are not getting saved.

He understands his own powers and the extent of the world.
He accepts what can be saved and what cannot be saved.
That's why he wanted at least the people in his sight to be happy.
A lot of people called it hypocrisy.
Many despised it as an extreme value.
The way he silently pursued his ideal was something he should've been proud of.

But in the end...
He met an uncompensated end, as the contract promised.

He reaches the place.

He had friends and a lover.
He lost all of them, and he was cornered by the ideal he pursued.

He had no place to go.
He was burdened with many voices of resentment, but still kept fighting.
He knew of his fate, but he acted like he tried to perform "miracles" using his fate as a support.

...But that comes to an end.
The place he reaches at the end is a hill of swords.
His battle ends on the hill among the rusted, ownerless steel.

Still alone.
But he smiles in satisfaction as he lets go of the sword.
As if saying there is nothing to regret if he was able to save everybody that came into his sight...
How long has it taken her to notice that something is wrong?

She wakes up to a strange feeling and goes out into the hallway.
"......Shirou?"
She first thinks that the feeling might be coming from her master.
It is because the strange feeling is coming from Emiya Shirou's room.

"...Geez. Is he still training magic?"
The golden-haired girlSaber sighs.
It's good that he's enthusiastic, but he will collapse unless he rests while he can.
And when she decides to go warn him, she realizes her own mistake.


She gasps after confirming it.
The strange feeling isn't coming from Shirou's room.
Under the moonlight...
A string, thin as her hair, runs through the darkness.

The string is going into Shirou's room from outside.
A thin string that even the boundary field here did not catch.
If one is to give praise to the one who pulled off such a thing, one also needs to give praise to Saber for noticing such a thing.


There's no time to think.
The girl turns into a knight in an instant and runs outside.

She runs through the empty town.
There's no hesitation in Saber as she runs.
She knows where she must go.
She only needs to follow the string, the beat of her master.
The only thing she has to do is to run as fast as she can.
It makes no difference whether her destination is the enemy's territory nor how many traps might await her.
She has sworn to protect her master.
So anything that might befall her is negligible.


It is a mountain stained with vast amounts of magical energy.
Ghosts of the dead are flying above like crows, and the trees are covered with invisible blood.
The collected magical energy, the stolen souls, remains here, and the mountain should consume anyone that may approach it.
If there is such a thing as a place to die, this place is a perfect example.


She goes in without hesitation.
She had no intention to stop from the start.
If this place is hell, she has to save her master all the more.
She runs up the stone stairs.
The traps she had anticipated are not there.
The mountain gate is within her view, and she should reach it with one more kick from her magical energy-filled legs.

But her advance stops right there.
Noit is stopped by the "enemy".

On the stairs leading to the mountain gate...
Stands a Servant.
His name is Sasaki Kojirou.
Servant Assassin, the protector of the Ryudou Temple, wielding the longsword Monohoshizao.


Saber's mind is disturbed as she readies her "Invisible Air".
Her Master is on the other side of that mountain gate.
But the Servant in front of her is way too strange.
He reveals his true name willingly.
He does not have a stance, and his cool enmity is transparent.


She cannot figure out his power because of his transparency.
She can see his power as a Servant.
Assassin is not a strong Servant, so it should be easy to defeat him. But her instincts are telling her something different...
That she cannot beat him in a normal duel.

"I do not have any business with you. Move, Assassin."
She suppresses the strange unease and glares at Assassin.
There's only one more step until they are both within range.
Up or down.
If either one moves, a fatal attack should be executed.

"Did you not hear me? I told you to move, Assassin."
Her final warning.
The swordsman with a longsword calmly responds to her words.
"I see. So you would like to pass this mountain gate, Saber?"

Her green eyes glare at Assassin for asking such a foolish question.
He must like the answer.
The longsword dances through the night in an arc.
"Then force your way through. You should hurry, or your master's life will be gone."
He laughs in a cool manner.
"Assassin!"
Saber charges in reply.
The longsword comes down at her at the same moment, and she repels it with her invisible sword.

The clash of the swords echoes through the summit.
Their powers are equal.
But that is not an advantage for her.
"Kuh"
She's impatient.
The enemy she must quickly defeat is a strong one that would be hard to beat even without any time constraints.

"Shirou, please!"
She grits her teeth and prays in her head.
That opening, that excess part of her, is permeating her body.
The battle does not end.
The mountain gate is too far away.

I get to school an hour late.
The hallway's filled with students because it's breaktime.
The class must have just ended for 2-C, as many familiar people are coming out of the classroom.

"Yo. I don't know why, but Tiger was really pissed. You should be prepared for it in the fourth period."
"...Oh yeah. We have English today."

I greet the classmate that gives me the ominous news.
The instant I get to the door to go into my classroom...
"Hm?"
The world history teacher comes out.

"Good morning, Sensei."
"You were late, Emiya? We went over what would be covered in the exam. Be sure to get it from a friend later."
"O-Okay. I'm sorry for being late."

Kuzuki nods and leaves.
He's Kuzuki Souichirou, the iron teacher that teaches world history and philosophy, and is also in charge of the student council.
He's just as he looks, and he's a rare teacher that gains popularity as the students progress through school.

"Morning."
I go to my desk while greeting my classmates.
For a few seconds, I regret that I was late...

"Hey. You're here pretty late."
"?"
Someone greets me, so I turn around.
Then.
There's Shinji, strangely friendly.

"...Shinji? What's wrong? You're acting strange.
 Did you not get enough sleep last night?"
I tell him what I'm thinking.

He completely changes and glares at me... then he smiles again.
Shinji was strange yesterday, but he's even stranger today.

"Shinji? Don't tell me you were attacked. Damn, I told you so. If you're not going to fight, you should stay at home."
"......Shut up. Why are you talking like you're the boss?"
"...Shinji?"

"Or what? Are you conceited because you're friends with Tohsaka? ......Don't misunderstand, okay? It doesn't mean you're strong even if you cooperate with Tohsaka. I know you're happy that you got a strong Servant, but it's shameful to be conceited."

Shinji glares at me.
It doesn't seem like he has much composure.
"Oh well, it's good that you came. See, it would've been boring if you didn't come."
That must be all he wanted to say, as Shinji goes back to his seat, chuckling.

The classroom gets loud once it's lunchtime.
"Huh? Issei's already gone."
He must have gone to the student council room again because of his lack of sleep thing.
I made lunch today, so I would like to avoid eating it in the classroom

"Hm?"
The guys in the classroom are making a commotion.

"Hey, what's going on?"
I call out to them.
The guys that are secretly talking look at me with suspicious eyes.

"This is no time for questions. Look outside the classroom. But secretly, okay?"
...Gotou must have watched some strange TV program last night.

"What?"
Then.
Outside the classroom in the hallway is a person that's acting more suspiciously than Gotou and the others.

"It's Tohsaka from 2-A. Does she have some business in our classroom?"
"She has to. I've been peeking at her for a while, and she's been doing the same. She's peeking into our classroom in a casual yet bold manner. She passed our door seven times. No, that makes eight now."

"...Yeah, this can't be just coincidence. Is it just me or does she look like she's glaring? Doesn't she usually look calmer?"
"Oh, you think so too? Yeah, she's getting angrier the more she stays out there. It's harder to go near her now.
 She must be irritated. Is something annoying her?"

"It seems like the person she's waiting for isn't noticing her, rather than not being here yet. It's like she hid a birthday present for someone, and she's really pissed now because that person hasn't noticed it even after a year."
"...Gotou, you give ridiculous examples. You're too accurate.
 What were you? A general in your previous life?"

...The guys are saying whatever they want.
"......"
I timidly look out into the hallway again.

She's pissed.
I don't know what she's mad about, but I think Gotou-kun is right.


Well.
What should I do?
...Tohsaka must want to talk to me.
But I'm curious why she's acting that way.
Considering Tohsaka, she would drag me out if she has business with me. So why is she acting like an ordinary schoolgirl?

"...I want to ignore her, but I guess I can't... More than anything, I'm scared of what she'll do to me if I do ignore her."
I get up with my lunchbox.
I prepare myself for the questioning I'll get from the guys after I get back.

"Tohsaka. What are you doing here?"
"I-I'm taking a walk! It's natural for me to eat lunch during lunchtime, right?"

...Tohsaka's acting too suspicious.
She's restless and doesn't try to look me in the eyes.

"Oh, okay. Then you can continue with your walk.
 I'm going to go eat in the student council room."
I wave her goodbye and turn around.

"H-Hold on! You're doing this on purpose, right!?"
"?"
I turn around.

"Hey now, Tohsaka. I don't know what happened, but I don't understand it like that. If there's something you want to tell me, go ahead."

Tohsaka's looking at me hesitantly.
...Hmm.
Could it be...?

"Did you forget your lunch money? I can't give you my lunch, but I can lend you some money."
"......! You're so wrong, you idiot!!"

Tohsaka barks out.
The hallway goes quiet.
After a few seconds, everything resumes as if nothing has happened.


...I see. Everyone protected their reality by ignoring what happened.
There's no way that the perfect, beautiful honor student, the school idol, Tohsaka Rin, would scream out the word "idiot" in the hallway.
Therefore, what happened in the past minute was completely erased from their memory.

"......"
...I envy them.
I want to amend my memory from about four days ago.

"So? If it's not lunch money, what is it?"
"Uh... Y-You're having lunch now, right? Do you want to come with me? I know a better place than the student council room."

Tohsaka says so while looking at me from time to time.
...Oh.
She just wants to talk to me because she wants to have a strategic meeting.

Wait.
This is a "better" place?
I don't know what'll happen if I go out into the hallway.
Tohsaka's possible scheming does not even need to be mentioned, but I'll get bashed if the guys see me talking to the class idol, Tohsaka Rin.

"I'll ignore her. I'll pretend I didn't see her."
I take my lunch out of my desk.
...It's dangerous to eat my lunch in the classroom, but it's more dangerous to go out into the hallway and be caught by Tohsaka.

I'll hide myself in this classroom today.
I'm sure Tohsaka won't have the means to break through the impenetrable protection of the lunchtime classroom.

"Huh? Tohsaka-san went back to class A."
"Oh, so we'll never know why she was here?
 ...Well, maybe she was just taking a walk. Tohsaka seems to do crazy things from time to time, right? Do you know the story of how she almost jumped off the rooftop trying to dump a third year that wanted to go out with her?"

"You're wrong. It's the third year that almost jumped off. She said she'd go out with him if he would stand on the edge of the roof for an entire day with her. That guy didn't come to school for days after that.
 ...But I wonder why she did such a thing.
 Tohsaka-san's the type that would come out and say no."

"Oh, that? According to Tohsaka, it's the theory of falling in love on a bridge. She thought she wouldn't be able to love him, so she tried to spend a day with him under a tense state to see if she would fall in love with him. She's amazing, as it's nothing us lowly people would ever think of."

"......"
I stop as I open my lunchbox.
...Tohsaka had such a legend, huh? ...All right, I'll be careful next time I go to the rooftop with her.

"Huh? How fortunate, Tohsaka-san's back!"
"...But she's different now. She was about ready to kill before, but she's so calm now that I feel a chill."
"That's the smile of an angel. I think it shows her determination of 'if that's the way you're going to be, I won't hold back on you either'."

"Hm?"
I feel a terrible chill.
It must be because of Saber's training, as my ability to sense danger is sharper.

"......"
I take a peek out into the hallway.
Tohsaka's standing there smiling with an eraser that she must have brought from her classroom.
At that instant...

The eraser she threw hits me right in the forehead.
"What!? Emiya-kun suddenly flipped over...!?"
"No way! What did you do, Emiya? Was there a banana peel under your chair!?"
"Is that a ninja move!? Is it, Emiya!?"
"Oh... ouch"
Everyone makes a commotion over the strange incident.
They surround me, who's turned over along with my chair, and watch me with worried... no, with curious looks.
"Thanks... Wait, what did it look like to you, Gotou?"
"Hm? You just did something like a flip. It seemed like you did a flip while sitting in that chair."
Gotou-kun requests that I teach him how to do it.
Well, I'm sure it'll be a good laugh if he does a flip like that the instant a teacher points at him, so I can understand how he's jealous of me.
But that's not the problem right now.

The devil that shot the eraser-bullet is looking at me to shoot another one.

"Sorry, Gotou. I'll talk to you later. I have urgent business."
The desk is safe, so I grab my lunch and get up.
...But it hurts.
More so than the hip I hit, the forehead where the eraser hit me is hurting.

"Tohsaka, you...!"
I scream at the shooter while holding on to my red forehead.

"Heh, it's your fault for standing there absent-mindedly.
 It's nice to eat lunch peacefully, but you're in no position to do so, right?"

"Hm... But flipping a person over is doing too much. I would've died if I was unlucky."
"No way. You don't have a body that'll die so easily.
 ...Well, I don't care about that. I want to talk to you, so follow me."

"Talk with me? Are we going to have a strategic meeting?"
"Of course. Let's hurry. We don't have much time since you were taking your time. Lunchtime will end unless we hurry."

She looks away awkwardly and starts walking.
"......?"
Is it just me?
It looks like Tohsaka's not doing well...

So.
She brings me to the empty rooftop.
"Hm, I guess Tohsaka knows a lot of people."
I don't know who she wants to talk to out in the hallway, but it's not something I should butt into and trouble her.
First of all, everyone in this classroomespecially Gotou-kunwill bash me if they see me talking to the classroom idol.

"Let's eat lunch. I have to get some energy in preparation for after school."
I take my lunch out of my desk.
The raiders that usually steal my food are busy watching Tohsaka, so I should be able to eat safely in my classroom today.

"Huh? Tohsaka-san went back to class A."
"Oh, so we'll never know why she was here?
 ...Well, maybe she was just taking a walk. Tohsaka seems to do crazy things from time to time, right? Do you know the story of how she almost jumped off the rooftop trying to dump a third year that wanted to go out with her?"

"You're wrong. It's the third year that almost jumped off. She said she'd go out with him if he would stand on the edge of the roof for an entire day with her. That guy didn't come to school for days after that.
 ...But I wonder why she did such a thing.
 Tohsaka-san's the type that would come out and say no."

"Oh, that? According to Tohsaka, it's the theory of falling in love on a bridge. She thought she wouldn't be able to love him, so she tried to spend a day with him under a tense state to see if she would fall in love with him. She's amazing, as it's nothing us lowly people would ever think of."

"......"
I stop as I open my lunchbox.
...Tohsaka had such a legend, huh? ...All right, I'll be careful next time I go to the rooftop with her.

"Huh? How fortunate, Tohsaka-san's back!"
"...But she's different now. She was about ready to kill before, but she's so calm now that I feel a chill."
"That's a smile of an angel. I think it shows her determination of 'if that's the way you're going to be, I won't hold back on you either'."

"Hm?"
I feel a terrible chill.
It must be because of Saber's training, as my ability to sense danger is sharper.

"......"
I take a peek out into the hallway.
Tohsaka's standing there smiling with an eraser that she must have brought from her classroom.
At that instant...

The eraser she threw hits me right in the forehead.
"What!? Emiya-kun suddenly flipped over...!?"
"No way! What did you do, Emiya? Was there a banana peel under your chair!?"
"Is that a ninja move!? Is it, Emiya!?"
"Oh... ouch"
Everyone makes a commotion over the strange incident.
They surround me, who's turned over along with my chair, and watch me with worried... no, with curious looks.
"Thanks... Wait, what did it look like to you, Gotou?"
"Hm? You just did something like a flip. It seemed like you did a flip while sitting in that chair."
Gotou-kun requests that I teach him how to do it.
Well, I'm sure it'll be a good laugh if he does a flip like that the instant a teacher points at him, so I can understand how he's jealous of me.
But that's not the problem right now.

The devil that shot the eraser-bullet is looking at me to shoot another one.

"Sorry, Gotou. I'll talk to you later. I have urgent business."
The desk is safe, so I grab my lunch and get up.
...But it hurts.
More so than the hip I hit, the forehead where the eraser hit me is hurting.

"Tohsaka, you...!"
I scream at the shooter while holding on to my red forehead.

"Heh, it's your fault for standing there absent-mindedly.
 It's nice to eat lunch peacefully, but you're in no position to do so, right?"

"Hm... But flipping a person over is doing too much. I would've died if I was unlucky."
"No way. You don't have a body that'll die so easily.
 ...Well, I don't care about that. I want to talk to you, so follow me."

"Talk with me? Are we going to have a strategic meeting?"
"Of course. Let's hurry. We don't have much time since you were taking your time. Lunchtime will end unless we hurry."

She looks away awkwardly and starts walking.
"......?"
Is it just me?
It looks like Tohsaka's not doing well...

So.
She brings me to the empty rooftop.
The fifth period is about to end.
Tohsaka's explanation has ended, so I decide to ask her about another magus, about Shinji.

"Hey, Tohsaka. I heard Shinji's familythe Matou family is a family of magi. Did you know that?"

"Yes, I did.
 But my dad told me the Matou family declined in the past few decades. He said that the Matou family doesn't have the bloodline of magi now.
 That's true. That's why I was surprised to hear that Shinji became a Master."

I see, so she did know, huh?
That's to be expected because she supervises this land and knows about all the magi with a history that live here. So she should know that Shinji's a Masterwait, hold on......!!!!!!"

"Tohsaka! You knew that Shinji's a Master!?"
"Ahaha. I'm sorry. I guess my thinking he couldn't be a Master backfired."
Tohsaka says so as if it's nothing.

"......?"
That's strange.
She's looking for the third Master at our school, but it seems like she's not considering Shinji to be a problem at all...

"Tohsaka? Shinji's a Master, right?"
"Yes. But that shouldn't be such a problem. He doesn't have any magical energy, so he shouldn't be able to do anything outrageous.
 Our enemy is the Master hiding at our school. Shinji doesn't have the presence of a Master, so he's not the one we're looking for."

"...? Then does that mean there's actually four Masters at our school?"
"I would think so. Well, I don't think Shinji would interfere since I told him not to do anything."

...She makes another worrisome statement.
No, first of all, how did Tohsaka find out that Shinji's a Master...?

"Tohsaka. Can you tell me what happened this morning in detail?"
"...? There's nothing much to talk about since Shinji was the one who told me.
 He asked me if I wanted to cooperate with him since he's a Master as well."


I'm starting to get a bad feeling about this, but I can't stop her here.

"So what happened after that?"
"I declined, of course.
 ...But he still kept on being persistent. So I unintentionally said that I don't need him since I have you, Shirou."
Tohsaka laughs as if it's a funny story.

"........."
That must be why Shinji was acting strange today.
But

"...So what will you do? Are you going to ignore Shinji? Shinji's the one that set up the boundary field at our school, right?"
"What?"

Tohsaka freezes.
...I thought so. She didn't know Shinji made the boundary field, huh!?

"You're wrong, Tohsaka. Shinji is certainly not a magus. But he's the one that set up the boundary field. I think his Servant excels at magic like Caster"
Tohsaka grows pale.

"Tohsaka. You didn't know?"
"...I did. I knew the boundary field was made by a Servant, but..."
She couldn't make the connection to Shinji, huh?

...I recall how Tohsaka was acting until now.
I bet Tohsaka was so worried about what happened last night that she couldn't think about Shinji.
It must be the biggest mistake she's made in her life.

"Crap, Shinji might be"
She gets up instantly and glares at the exit.
At that instant...
The disorder is revealed, as if it was carefully timed.

"Boundary field!"
The sky is tinted red.
My body is numbed just by breathing in the red air surrounding the school.
...It doesn't affect magi that can create magical energy inside their bodies, but people with scarce magical energy will faint just by breathing it in and should eventually die

"Tohsaka!"
"I know, let's hurry, Shirou!"

The school is red all around.
The hallway is red like blood.
The air is red like blood.
The thick air sticking to my skin makes me hallucinate that this might just be a bad dream.

"Kuh"
Breath filled with hatred escapes my closed mouth.
I pour reasoning onto my confused and heated brain as coolant, and I try to grasp the situation.

I run into the classroom, the one nearest to the stairs.
"......!"
Tohsaka stops for a second, hesitant to enter this disastrous scene.

"!"
...I understand how she feels.
I don't want to encounter such a thing either.

"They're still alive. It doesn't mean we won't make it."
I go near a student and check his pulse and breathing.
...There's no conscious person in this classroom.
Everybody, including the students at their desks and the teacher up front, are down on the floor now.

Most of the students are unconscious, convulsing, foaming at the mouth like it's a bad joke.
...The few others...
A few students have other things happening to them.

...Their skin is melting.
The human skin is slowly melting like mud sliding off of plaster.
The way the melting skin drips onto the floor makes me picture a giant stomach.

Tohsaka is astonished by the horrific scene.

There's no time to think.
To resolve this situation as fast as we can, I should
There's no time to stop and ponder.
If this is a boundary field made by Shinji's Servant, we just have to go get the cause right away...!

"Tohsaka, let's search through the building. We can't have any more victims...!"
I grab Tohsaka, who's still standing still, and run.

"H-Hold on, Emiya-kun. We probably won't make it...! If our enemy's a Servant, we have to have a Servant too, or we'll just get killed even if we find Shinji."

"I-I see. But..."
She says we should call for Saber, but we won't make it if we wait for her to come here...!

"Use your Command Spell. I'll call Archer as well. Saber should be able to come here in an instant if you summon her using your Command Spell."
She says so while biting her lip.
It seems she's got herself together, but her usual cool isn't there yet.

"Hold on. I'll be the only one to use the Command Spell. If there's only one enemy, Saber is enough."
...And...
If this is the doing of Shinji's Servant, our enemy is that black Servant.
I fought her the day before yesterday. Saber should be able to beat that Servant by herself

"Is that fine, Emiya-kun...?"
"Yeah. You used your Command Spell yesterday. So it's my turn today. We can call for Archer if Saber can't handle the situation by herself.
 So, how do I use the Command Spell!?"

"...Concentrate on your left hand. It's better if you close your eyes. Imagine the shape of your Command Spell and release it. Give an order while you release it, of course."

I close my eyes.
I can't take my time.
I eliminate any thoughts in my head as quickly as I can, concentrate on my second Command Spell, "Please. Come, Saber!!!!"
...And I release the Command Spell without any hesitation.

"!"
My hand burns.
At the same time, I feel an unnatural heaviness right beside meand a knight in silver emerges from the heavy "void".

"Saber...!"
"I have come in response to your summons. What is the situation, Master...? It is grave enough for you to use your Command Spell, correct?"

"It's just as it looks. A Servant activated this boundary field.
 I want to remove this boundary field as fast as possible."
"I understand. I certainly feel the presence of a Servant on this floor."

"This floor...!? The Servant's on the fourth floor!?"
"I am sure of it. ...What about it, Rin?"

"Huhno, I'm sure that's the case if you say so, but that's too strange. I can feel that the origin of the boundary field is on the first floor. I'm sure your skill to detect a Servant is superior to mine, but my skill to detect magic is pretty good too."

"...? So you're saying that the Servant is on this floor even though the boundary field was set up on the first floor?"
"Uh... I can't say for sure, but that's what I feel.
 The source of the boundary field has to be on the first floor."


So there are two alternatives, huh?
If Shinji arranged for his Servant to come to this floor, one has to be a trap.
Everyone in this school will pay the price if we make the wrong choice

"Rin. Where is Archer? We can make a better analysis if he is here."
"He's not answering me! This boundary field has us totally cut off from the outside world. I have to use the Command Spell or we'll have to wait for him to detect this and come here."


Tohsaka and Saber glare at each other.
But now's not a time to be doing so.
...Think.
Tohsaka doesn't have her composure.
The best thing we can do right now is
That's the best choice we have.
If Shinji's Servant created this boundary field, I just need to call for Saber!

"Tohsaka, I'm calling for Saber...! Tell me how to use the Command Spell."
"Ehh-hold on, if you're going to call for Saber, I'll also"

"You used your Command Spell yesterday. So it's my turn today.
 We can call for Archer if Saber can't handle the situation by herself! So, how do I use the Command Spell!?"

"...Concentrate on your left hand. It's better if you close your eyes.
 Imagine the shape of your Command Spell and release it. Give an order while you release it, of course."

I close my eyes.
I can't take my time.
I eliminate any thoughts in my head as quickly as I can, concentrate on my second Command Spell, "Please. Come, Saber!!!!"
...And I release the Command Spell without any hesitation.

"!"
My hand burns.
At the same time, I feel an unnatural heaviness right beside meand a knight in silver emerges from the heavy "void".

"Saber...!"
"I have come in response to your summons.
 What is the situation, Master...? It is grave enough for you to use your Command Spell, correct?"

"It's just as it looks. A Servant activated this boundary field.
 I want to remove this boundary field as fast as possible."
"I understand. I certainly feel the presence of a Servant on this floor."

"This floor...!? The Servant's on the fourth floor!?"
"I am sure of it. ...What about it, Rin?"

"Huhno, I'm sure that's the case if you say so, but that's too strange. I can feel that the origin of the boundary field is on the first floor. I'm sure your skill to detect a Servant is superior to mine, but my skill to detect magic is pretty good too."

"...? So you're saying that the Servant is on this floor even though the boundary field was set up on the first floor?"
"Uh... I can't say for sure, but that's what I feel.
 The source of the boundary field has to be on the first floor."


So there are two alternatives, huh?
If Shinji arranged for his Servant to come to this floor, one has to be a trap.
Everyone in this school will pay the price if we make the wrong choice

"Rin. Where is Archer? We can make a better analysis if he is here."
"He's not answering me! This boundary field has us totally cut off from the outside world. I have to use the Command Spell or we'll have to wait for him to detect this and come here."


Tohsaka and Saber glare at each other.
But now's not a time to be doing so.
...Think.
Tohsaka doesn't have her composure.
The best thing we can do right now is
Tohsaka calls me after dinner.
I guess there wasn't as much damage as we thought there would be at school.
It must be because the one who set up the boundary field, Rider, died quickly.

...I hear the students that were in the same classroom as Rider need to stay in the hospital for a long time, but most students just have anemia.
School's not going to close down, and we'll be having classes like normal tomorrow.

"Shirou, what did Rin say?"
"She said school's going on as normal. So we'll go to school tomorrow and look for Caster's Master."

"...I see. So nobody in that building suffered seriously?"
"Except for a few. Oh, I think Fuji-Nee's not home because she's busy with a staff meeting or something."

"That is good. Knowing Taiga, I am sure she would be sitting at the breakfast table tomorrow like nothing had happened."
Yeah, that's a relief for me as well.
Well, since her energy is extraordinary, I stopped worrying about her when I heard everyone's all right.

"Then Shirou. Continuing that conversation from earlier..."
She leans over the table with a serious face.
"...Ugh. So you haven't given up yet?"

"Of course not. I will sleep in your room so we won't repeat last night's mistake. There is nothing for you to complain about, right?"

I do have complaints.
Having Saber sleep in the same room as me is like telling me to die.

"Shirou. First of all, it is your fault for being affected by such a long-range hypnotism.
 I cannot protect you from Caster's magic, so it is natural for me to at least stay in the same room."

"Magic can be better sensed the closer I am to it. If Caster is to go after you, I must sleep close to you."
"Well, that is a very sound argument, but..."
I think that Caster won't use the same strategy since she failed once.

I think so, but if I say that to Saber right now...
"You are too optimistic! You were deceived by a heretic like Caster and insulted by someone with a twisted personality like Archer because you think like that!"
...I bet she would object like that...

"Are you listening to me, Shirou!? I will not listen to excuses such as me being a woman! I will be sleeping in your room starting tonight, so please do not run away to the shed, okay!?"
Saber glares at me and makes her declaration.

...Ugh, so she even anticipated that I was going to run away to the shed.
I'll hold my ground and try to get her to agree on a compromise.

"All right. I'll have you sleep near me."
"So you finally accept it, huh? Yes, that is the natural choice for a Master."

"But not in the same room. You know there's an empty room next to mine, right? The one on the other side of the sliding screen?"

"...? Yes, I know, but what about it?"
"Um, that place should be good enough to protect me while I'm asleep, right? No, first of all, the enemy won't come in if we're sleeping in the same room.
 So you should stand by in the next room so that you can surprise attack the enemy when they come for me."
Oh, I think this sounds pretty logical.

"That's fine, right, Saber? Honestly, I don't know about two people sleeping in that small room. We can't physically fit. I think it's bad for a Servant to be the cause of her Master's lack of sleep."

"Hm... You are rather witty tonight, Shirou.
 I understand. It sounds like an excuse to me, but I am fine with that. I will compromise on that plan."
Saber reluctantly withdraws.

"Phew."
Good.
Man, being a Master is hard enough.
If I sleep in the same room as Saber on top of that, I bet my brain will overheat.

And the chaotic day comes to an end.

It's becoming more like a habit now as I trained with Saber until eleven and spent an hour doing my routine in the shed.
I get back to my room when the date changes. I hear Saber's breathing from the next room.


My heart jumps at that, but I try to calm down as I get into my futon.
I close my eyes, shake off any wicked thoughts, and tell myself to go to sleep as fast as I can.

".........Man, I can't sleep that easily."
I try not to be conscious of Saber and recall what happened today.
The red school...
The boundary field of blood that would have created lots of victims if we hadn't stopped it.


That causes my restless mind to stop.
The students on the floor of the red classroom.
She was desperately bearing all of it: Rider on the floor and the students that looked like they were dead.

...Oh, I remember now.
At that instant, I figured out the deep part of her.

  I'll kill you the next time we meet.
         Because we're enemies, right?

She acted as a magus, but she never crossed the final line.
She's firm, strong-willed, and magnificent, but she's outrageously good-natured.

That difference must be her burden.
...How clumsy of her.
The more she tries to act as a magus, the more she kills her true self as Tohsaka Rin.

"Oh, wait. I can't be talking about other people."
I sigh and pull the blanket over my head.
...Well...
I guess there's something wrong with me...
...For thinking that I want to be a support for such a perfect girl.
Then.
"Oh. I'm surprised Saber's here."
As we make our way to the back gate, we run into the late-arriving guy.

"Archer...! What are you doing, coming so late!?"
"It is obvious, right? I sensed my master's danger and came here. Well, it seems I was too late. If Saber is here and Rin is safe, everything is over already, right?"

"...! Yes, it's all over already! I'll let you know what happened while you were taking your time, so listen up!"
"...Damn. It seems I came at the worst possible time."

The two argue, leaving us aside.
...Well, it's just that Tohsaka is yelling at Archer while he's just calmly brushing it off.

"Those two are intimate as I thought. Rin is angry because she trusts Archer, and Archer is silently listening because he must feel sorry."

"I know what you want to say. But why are you telling me that, Saber?"
"Well, you had a difficult face, so I merely explained the situation to you."

I don't know what's so funny, but Saber's smiling meaningfully.
"........."
I like it even less.

"Fine, fine. I won't worry about style next time. Let's say it's good for now.
 So. Which Servant was eliminated?"

Archer's expression changes.
His usual ironic composure disappears, and he looks like a cold warrior now.

"...Servant Rider was eliminated. I don't know how it happened, but she must have been defeated by Caster."
"By Caster? Then what happened to Caster? Do not tell me she is unwounded."

"I don't know that either. But Rider was defeated in one blow, so I think Caster's unwounded."
I say so, representing the three of us.

...Then.
"...Humph. What a fool. I guess she was just all talk.
 I did not think she would be able to win, but getting defeated with one blow? Man, show some spirit to at least kill your enemy as well."
He goes back to his usual manner and insults the now-gone Rider.

"Archer. Rider died protecting her Master. You do not have any right to call her a fool."

"Hah, that's what you have to say? A fool is a fool. If she is to call herself a hero, she should be ashamed that she could not even defeat a single enemy. If she can't do that, she should at least sacrifice her life to kill her enemy."

"How convenient of you. She was defeated without doing anything because she was in a situation where she was not able to do so. Speaking ill of her defeat... are you really one to call yourself a hero?"

"Ha. No matter the reason, it makes no difference to the fact that she was defeated badly.
 ...Well, it was certainly my mistake to say anything about a hero. The weak will die no matter what, disregarding the fact that they may be a hero or not.
 'Heroes' not fit for this war should be eliminated early on."

"Well said. Then will you fight me, Archer?"

"You? This is surprising. I don't know what got on your nerves, but you're challenging your ally to a fight?
 But unfortunately, I am bound by the Command Spell not to fight against you two.
 If you challenge me now, I will only be defeated without resistance just like Rideris it your way of the knight to fight such an opponent, Saber?"
"Hm"

The two glare at each other without a word.
"Stop right there, Archer."
Tohsaka's quiet voice puts a stop to it.
"Hm..."

"This is no time to be fighting with Saber.
 Rider is eliminated, and a Master is gone now. But I'm sure there is one more unidentified Master hiding at our school.
 Our cooperation continues until 'we defeat the Master hiding at our school'. Or what? Do you want me to use another Command Spell to order you not to fight Saber?"

"You're right. Saber was so adherent to her principles that I got too caught up making fun of her.
 I'm sorry, Saber. Please fight me after our cooperation is over."

"...No. It seems I was acting too immature. I will ignore your comment in deference to Rin."
Saber takes a step back while glaring at Archer and stands by my side.

Tohsaka moves Archer back as well.

"...Well, that's about it.
 We're still cooperating. It's impossible to do so today, but we can search for Caster's Master at school tomorrow.
 We'll just be maintaining the present state, but is that all right with you?"

"Yeah. So what will you do now? Are you going to go to the Ryudou Temple?"

"...Of course not. According to Archer, going to the Ryudou Temple is suicidal. If we want to defeat Caster, we'll have to search for her Master first.
 Fortunately or not, Caster's Master is coming to school every day. We should let them be and keep them off guard."

"...Hm?"
I try to think how she came to that conclusion.
Tohsaka knew that there is a Master at our school.
That must be because there's someone there with magical energy other than Shinji.

Since Caster appeared, it must mean the Master at our school is Caster's Master.
Additionally, Caster's Master is coming to school every day for some reason.
It means he or she is coming to school every day defenselessly rather than staying at the Ryudou Temple under Caster's protection.

"...So you're going to figure out who the Master is and attack the Master before they get back to the Ryudou Temple?"
"Yup. It seems like Caster's Master doesn't know that we're Masters.
 If they knew, they wouldn't come to school, right?"

"Ohyeah, that's true. Then Caster's Master didn't know that Shinji was a Master either?"

"...I can't come up with an explanation, but that's likely. But such a stupid thing shouldn't be possible considering how good the Servant is at magic..."

...Yeah.
Even I, who has no knowledge as a Master, got this far thanks to Saber.
If you have a Servant like Caster, I'm sure you wouldn't do something as dangerous as going outside.

"That's wrong. Your premises are wrong, Rin."
"Archer...?"

"I don't think Caster's Master has a free will.
 ...No, I believe the Master thinks he has a free will when in fact, he's controlled by Caster. That woman is not someone who would be under someone. She would first control her Master to do whatever she wishes."

"Are you saying Caster's Master is just a puppet?
 Either by trickery or removing the memory of being a Master?"

"HmI see, it is interesting to think that the Master is not conscious of the state he or she is in.
 Originally, a Servant cannot do something to its Master.
 The Servant cannot exist if it kills its Master.
 In contrast, the Master has the Command Spell. If the Servant disobeys, the Master can even kill the Servant.
 ...With that being the case, it is safer to trick your Master than to kill him."

Tohsaka ponders.
But I'm not convinced.

"Really? Caster's doing a lot of evil deeds, right? Can she actually hide it all from her Master?
 Wouldn't the Master be more on guard the stronger his Servant is?"

"That is not a problem. She can make convenient excuses if her Master is disgustingly good-natured. Caster's Master may be such a person as well."

"Hey. Why did you look at me when you said that?"
"Well, it's because we have a good example here. The possibility that Caster's Master is stupid is not zero."
"I see. You do have a point, Archer."
...Hey.
Why are you agreeing, Saber?

"All right, I get it.
 No matter what kind of a person Caster's Master may be, it's likely that they'll be at school tomorrow.
 We'll continue to investigate the school. And we'll attack Caster's Master as soon as we find him or her."

"...Well, I think that's the appropriate course of action, but how will we look for the Master?"
"That'll be today's homework. We'll each go home and think about it.
 You two are tired anyway, right? I don't want to push you two and have you collapse, so let's call it a day."

"Ehno, I'm not that tired.
 It'll still early, sohey, Tohsaka!?"

"Just do as I say. We can't go into school today, and we don't have a clue right now. It's meaningless to stay here, and most of all... don't you realize Archer's acting strange...!?
 Things won't settle down if he stays with you, considering 'it' only happened yesterday!"

"F-Fine. I'll go home, I'll go home, so..."
Don't whisper to me from such close range...!

"...Then I'll see you tomorrow. I don't think it'll happen again, but be careful during the night. I won't forgive you if Caster gets control of you again."
"Ughall right, all right. I'll go home!"

"......Hmph. And thanks for your work today. You're acting just a bit like a Master now."
Tohsaka jumps away from me.

"Let's go, Archer! I'm going to seriously inquire about your carelessness after we get home!"
"Oh, as I thought. I was thinking how unabusive you were."
"Hey now. Do I really have to settle things with you once and for all?"

Archer and Tohsaka leave arguing.

"We should go home too. I'm a bit tired, so let's have dinner early today."
"That sounds good. I support that idea, Shirou."
We leave the woods quietly so we won't be seen by anyone.

...Yeah.
I'll pull myself together, go shopping in the shopping district, make a big dinner, and take a rest.
We'll talk about Caster and her Master after that.

It's lunchtime, so I go to the student council room.
"Excuse me."
I call out and open the door.
"Oh. You're going to eat lunch here today, Emiya?"
Issei is eating lunch by himself inside.

...Good, this is convenient.

"How is it? How did yesterday's incident turn out?"
I sit down at the table and start talking casually.

"It's still unexplained. They are saying something about there being chemicals in the empty classroom on the first floor. That's the reason they came up with after searching through the school all night."
He must be unhappy, and he starts biting on a tough-looking carrot.

"But you were lucky. You skipped school after lunch and managed to avoid the disaster. Yes, I guess you were rewarded for your good daily conduct."

He now sips on his tea happily.
...Man.
This isn't the right atmosphere to interrogate him, so I'll wait and see for a while.

"Huh!?"
Suddenly, I notice lunch break will be over in five minutes!

"...? What's wrong, Emiya? Did you come up with something?"
"No, but I remembered something. This isn't the time to be leisurely eating lunch."
"?"
I quickly wrap up my lunchbox and turn to Issei.

"...Hm, I have a bad feeling about this. Please do not ask me for money.
 I don't have any even if you want to borrow some."
I get up from my chair.
...I don't have time.
I take a deep breath.
"Issei. Don't ask questions and just take your top off."
I clearly state what needs to be done.

"W-Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!!!!????"
"I told you to take your uniform off. Take your shirt off as well.
 It's not any good unless you're naked."

"W-W-W-W-W-What are you asking for!? Are you insane!? Is it a new way to question me!? No, do I have to do this now!?"
"Yup, this is urgent. Just take off your top. It'll be too late once school ends!"

I attack Issei.
"Whoa! Stop it, you fool! Are you really from a family of warriors!?"

"All right."
To summarize, I didn't find a Command Spell on Issei's body.
I checked thoroughly, but I didn't find anything like a Command Spell.

"Good. This is really good."
I nod to myself.

"What's so good...!? What's with you doing all this for nothing!?"
"? Oh, yeah. I'm sorry, Issei. I can't tell you what's going on, but I needed to check something. It's done with now, so there's no longer any problem."

I bow and apologize.
"Hmo-okay. If you think you have done something bad, it is natural for you to apologize."
Issei goes silent with a serious face.

"......"
But now, the search has gone back to square one.
If Issei, the one at the Ryudou Temple, is innocent, there's nobody else here that might be Caster's Master.

"...Hey, Issei. Is there something strange going on at the temple?"
"Hm? What do you mean by something strange?"
"I don't know. But is there anything that's different?"

"...Let's see. If you mean recently, there is an unfamiliar woman. But that's about it. My father and brother are as always."
Issei says so naturally.


...There's an unfamiliar woman?
Could that be Caster? ...Well, I'm sure she could pretend to be human without a problem.
Or would that be Caster's Master?


...Maybe I should ask Issei about it.
I'll
...I guess I'll ask him about it.
She's not one to reveal herself to the ones living at the temple, but I might be able to get some clues.

"Issei. Can you tell me about this unfamiliar woman?
 Is she from a foreign country, or is her face covered with something like a turban?"

"What is that? We would kick out such a strange person. ...I don't know why you're asking, but she is a legitimate guest.
 ...My brother is happy that she might be an evil woman, but I strangely like her. I have only talked to her once, but she is a good person even if she may look evil."

"Oh, wow. So asking the question was worth it, seeing how you're praising a woman. Did you fall in love with her?"

"D-D-D-D-Don't say such a stupid thing, you fool! I admire a part of her that she doesn't notice herself. First of all, I cannot fall in love with the lover of the one I respect as my older brother, Souichirou"

Issei suddenly stops and lowers his head.
"Ah, "
I don't know if he felt dizzy or what, but Issei falls on the table and does not move.

"...? What's wrong, Issei? Is it anemia or something?"
"No, it's not that I feel bad."

He raises himself real fast.
I laugh thinking that he's acting like a coiled doll.

", Issei?"
I look at Issei without looking at my slashed stomach.

"YOU fell for my trap. The order I implanted into THIS HUMAN functions only when HE meets SOMEONE who INQUIRES about ME."

I hear someone else's voice from Issei's mouth.
When I realize that voice is of the Servant I met at the Ryudou Temple...
"I DO NOT need this DOLL ANYMORE."
...The knife in Issei's hand is stabbed into Issei's neck.


...My mind fades from too much blood loss.
The wound. The wound reaching my organs is not causing my consciousness to fade.

My brain that wants to deny the scene in front of me freezes my consciousness.
Issei falls down before me, not knowing what went on.

...I collapse onto the floor from my knees.
I do not hold my wound, and I blankly stare at my friend who is now a corpse
School's over.
It must be because of what happened yesterday. The students are not allowed to stay at school for any reason.

There's still time until the sun sets.
I'll
"Yeah. I have to go tell Tohsaka that Issei's innocent before she attacks him."
I should hurry.
I'll go get my violent partner before her relationship with Issei becomes a terrible one.

"Huh? Tohsaka-san already went home."
Then...
I'm knocked out after returning to class 2-A after I've searched all over the place.

"Man... She was so ready to do something, but she went home already...?"
...This is getting stupid.
I can contact Tohsaka over the phone after I get home.

I check the student directory as soon as I get home and call Tohsaka.
Ring, ring.
She picks up after dozens of rings and right when I was about to give up.

"This is Tohsaka."
The voice is definitely Tohsaka's.

"Hello, this is Emiya. Do you have time right now?"
"Huh? What are you playing around for, Arhuh? No way, is it for real...!?"
"...Hey now. I don't have enough free time to be playing pranks on you."

"Ohno... Sorry, I was just surprised. So, what's going on? It's surprising for you to call me."

"It's about Issei. We promised this morning to get this cleared up today, right? To tell you the result, Issei wasn't a Master. I'm sure of it since he didn't have a Command Spell."

"Really? ...I'm surprised you really did check it out today. But Issei's innocent, huh? ...Well, we're out of suspects, but I guess that's good as well."
I don't know if she's relieved or disappointed. I can't grasp her reaction too well over the phone.

"Well, thanks for your work. We'll think about what to do about the search tomorrow. So is that all the business you have? Then I'll be hanging up."
"......"
I don't have any more business.
But there's something I'm curious about.

"Tohsaka. You seemed to be surprised earlier, but did something happen over there?"

I can feel Tohsaka's bewilderment over the phone.
After a brief silence...

"...No. I was just surprised because your voice sounded different over the phone."
She answers in a cold voice and hangs up the phone.
"Oh. I think they're having a sale in the shopping district today."
...Hm.
Saber is looking forward to dinner, so it might be good to make an expensive meal today.
I can contact Tohsaka after I get home.

"I just bought some beef fillet."

And veal too. It's just rare, expensive, and doesn't taste that different, but I fell for the butcher's sale talk and bought it...!!!!

"Oh well. It was pretty cheap."
I can consider that I've blown a day's worth of work on it.
Saber looks like she likes meat. We've been having home-cooking all these times, so I'm sure she'll be happy if I make something like a Western-style full course.

"It'd be perfect if I could get an aperitif, but I can't serve alcohol in front of Fuji-Nee.
 Even with the age issue aside, I can't give Fuji-Nee any alco... hol...?"

I see something strange out of the corner of my eye.
"......"
I wonder what it is and turn to the cake shop, Beko-chan.

...Is that some kind of a uniform?
The girl wearing a uniform unfit for this downtown area is troubling the woman at the cake shop.

I get curious and stop.
From what I can hear, it seems the money the girl is trying to pay with is not in Japanese yen, and the woman at the cake shop is stumped as to what she can do.
And on top of that, it seems that the girl can't speak much Japanese.

"......"
......Well, I got a bargain.
I guess I'll do something about it since I happened to walk by.

"Thank you!"
I'm thanked two-fold and leave the cake shop.

"...Thank you. You helped me for cake."
This girl thanks me as well in funny Japanese.
But I haven't done much.
All I did was money exchange, and I just traded the two thousand-yen bills I had with the paper money she had.

"...Change. Left over. You can have it."
"Huh? No, I got enough money already. You gave me two ten-franc bills."

"......"
The girl dressed like Nightingale looks around absent-mindedly.

"...Finished shopping. Goodbye."
 She bows and leaves.
I watch her go thinking to myself about the unusual event.

Then.
"Oh yeah. Do you like cakes?"
I get curious and ask her.

The girl in white stops and stares around absent-mindedly.
"...Yes. Sella likes common tastes."
She gives a vague answer.

I check the student directory as soon as I get home and call Tohsaka.
Ring, ring.
She picks up after dozens of rings and right when I was about to give up.

"This is Tohsaka."
The voice is definitely Tohsaka's.

"Hello, this is Emiya. Do you have time right now?"
"Huh? What are you playing around for, Arhuh? No way, is it for real...!?"
"...Hey now. I don't have enough free time to be playing pranks on you."

"Ohno... Sorry, I was just surprised. So, what's going on? It's surprising for you to call me."

"It's about Issei. We promised this morning to get this cleared up today, right? To tell you the result, Issei wasn't a Master. I'm sure of it since he didn't have a Command Spell."

"Really? ...I'm surprised you really did check it out today. But Issei's innocent, huh? ...Well, we're out of suspects, but I guess that's good as well."
I don't know if she's relieved or disappointed. I can't grasp her reaction too well over the phone.

"Well, thanks for your work. We'll think about what to do about the search tomorrow. So is that all the business you have? Then I'll be hanging up."
"......"
I don't have any more business.
But there's something I'm curious about.

"Tohsaka. You seemed to be surprised earlier, but did something happen over there?"

I can feel Tohsaka's bewilderment over the phone.
After a brief silence...

"...No. I was just surprised because your voice sounded different over the phone."
She answers in a cold voice and hangs up the phone.
I see a dream.

I see a memory that I cannot reach through a small connected circuit.

For what did he fight, and for what did he keep running?
He never told anyone about his motives.
Everyone around him saw him as either obstinate or a weird person.
And on top of it all, he didn't talk much, so I bet he was thought to be ruthless.
His intentions were not known.
At the very least, nobody knew about them.
He never talked about his intentions even after he became a hero and was burdened with many things.

...That's why he appeared suspicious to the people around him.
It's because nobody knows his intention.
He conveniently saves people in danger, but nobody knows why he is doing what he does.

See, it's inevitable that people would feel uneasy about him.
He should have had a reason.
Greed, pride, selfishness, lust, vengeance, or devotion.
Simple reasons like those which are easy to understand. If he'd had any one of them, such an end should not have awaited him.

His reward for success was always betrayal.
The things he picked up sifted through his fingers like grains of sand.
He got used to it.
He got used to it like an idiot.
From the very beginning, his reward was...
...Not what he received from the people he saved, but the pure action of saving someone.

The repetition of it makes me so mad that I want to punch him, and it also makes me want to cry.
The reason he was called a hero...
His intention was never revealed to anyone.
Nobody around him knew, and he, the only one who had to know, eventually forgot about it himself.

That is why I shed tears in spite of myself.
To the miracle, that in the long, long path between the start and the goal, where what is right or wrong is not definite...
...He never strayed from his original goal.

And the end comes.
An excellent savior is only trouble for everyone except the ones he saves.
He knew his limits and the vastness of the world.
He accepts what can be saved and what cannot be saved.
That is why he at least wanted people within his sight to be happy.
Many scorned it as hypocrisy and as blind idealism.
There were more enemies than allies, and he died at their hands.

...So this is not a place in this world.

This place is the end of him.
The illusion that he saw on the verge of his death, the only pride he had within himself.
The hero that used this scenery as his weapon falls into his own darkness in the end.

The hill of swords that he reached...
His battle ends atop this hill, surrounded by rusted steel without a wielder.
He is still alone.
But he thinks there is nothing to regret if he was able to save everyone that appeared within his sight...
And he smiles in satisfaction, lets go of the sword, and crumples down.

...That's why he never had any regrets.
His objective was already accomplished long ago.
From the start, he ran with his utmost effort, not for himself, but for strangers who shouldn't have meant anything to him

No, it'll be dangerous to talk about this.
Issei's living at the Ryudou Temple.
If he gets suspicious of this 'strange woman', Issei might get curious and do something.
Andif that woman happens to be a Master, Issei would be in danger.


This is it for today.
I'll call it good since I found out Issei's unrelated to the Holy Grail War.

"Oh, by the way, Emiya. Shinji's sister wasn't at school today."
"...Huh? Sakura's not at school?"

"Shinji was absent as well. They were both absent without notice today, so the teachers are wondering if something happened at their house or not."

I'm at a loss for words, being confronted with a problem I'd forgotten.

"Oh, lunch break is over. Let's go back to the classroom."
Issei pushes me out of the student council room.
...All the while...
Thoughts of Sakura's absence and what Shinji may have done after losing Rider twirl around in my head.
Yay, Gai**x bomb!
Kyaa, Ragnarok!
Well, it only takes a second to be careful, but the injury could last a lifetime. How was this dead end that teaches you it's not good to ask just anyone?
Osu! It was such an irrational and sudden death! This is exactly what I expect from "Fate", and it is surely splendid!
Yes. But we cannot forget about the sacrifices!
Let us give Ryudou-kun a three-second silent prayer!
Osu! The three second part is great, master!
So, Ilya-chan. What is going on with the people at the Ryudou Temple?
Hmm. They have this artificial Command Spell put in them.
They become this thing that executes this one command when they find someone that breaks one of the "three rules" Caster established.
She's good at making things. If she ever captures Shirou, I bet she'll turn him into a formal tool just to support her magic.
Evil! I acknowledge Caster as evil!
As a teacher, I cannot forgive anyone that would use others as they wish!
...I don't know about calling her evil just because of that.
It's true that Caster is weak, sly, and cowardly, but she's not truly bad on the inside.
Hm? Why are you sticking up for such a witch...?
Do you have something in mind?
Huh...? N-No.
I just want to say it's not bad to bind someone with magic.
Oh, I remember. You've done worse to Shirou!
Damn, you found out!
Ouu... I can't beat that shinai for some reason.
It's only natural. No magic is allowed in this dojo.
You have to bring in a wild lion or a modern weapon to beat me.
Have you repented of your actions?
...Yes.
I won't do anything bad again.
Yes, that's a good girl! The boy's wish is granted as well! Rejoice, Shirou, Ilya is nicer in this route!
Fine, fine. So I just have to stay quiet in this route, right?
...Well, it's not smart always to be going on a rampage. I can help Shirou in this route and take one of the other heroines.
Whatyou have put that much thought into this?
Loli-buruma isn't good enough, so you're taking on such a great role in the main storyline...!?
Ilya... she's a scary child...!

It's seven o'clock.
Tohsaka comes right on time.

"Sorry to keep you waiting. I took time since I was getting the necessary things.
 How's your preparation?"

I show her the wooden sword bag.
There's one wooden sword in here.
This is about all the preparation I can do.

"...Well, I guess it can't be helped. First of all, we have Saber for hand-to-hand combat. It might be that you'll just end up watching."

"Yeah. I guess I'll just back Saber up since she's here."
...Well, I can't think of a situation where I'll be helping out Saber.

"Rin. Why is Archer not here?"
Then.
Saber asks with a serious expression.

"Huh...? You didn't bring Archer, Tohsaka?"
"No, I left him at home. We're doing a surprise attack today, so we won't need him if we have Saber, right? To be honest, I don't want to let him see Caster."

Tohsaka starts walking.
...I don't know what she's thinking, but I guess we won't be getting Archer's help.

...Time passes.
One has to pass this intersection if one is to go from the school to the Ryudou Temple.

It's already been an hour since we got here.
A boundary field has been created here
"It's over if we're seen, but the soundproofing is perfect.
 Nobody would notice even if a missile is shot here."
According to Tohsaka.

It's so quiet around us.
I guess it's because Tohsaka's boundary field is working, but the town is too lifeless.
It's already been seven days since the Holy Grail War started.
It seems the town is having its spirit slowly drained without anyone noticing.

"He's coming. Hide, Emiya-kun."
"!"
I move to the wall.
...I can't even hear footsteps.
I see a shadow under the streetlight.

A tall and lean figure...
The familiar figure is definitely that of Kuzuki Souichirou.
Kuzuki passes us with his usual ordered steps.


He's too defenseless.
I'm suddenly attacked by the feeling that Kuzuki-Sensei might be innocent.

"...Hey, Tohsaka. Don't you think Kuzuki-Sensei is innocent?"
"......Well, we'll find out for sure after we try."
It seems Tohsaka is in doubt as well.
I guess she's still going with the plan, as she points her index finger at Kuzuki.

Gandr.
It is a "curse" to reduce the target's physical ability, considered to be the simplest magic.
Tohsaka's Gandr shot is more like a gunshot, but I'm sure she'll go easy this time.

"Are you ready, Emiya-kun?"
She murmurs.


I'll still make it.
There is a possibility that Kuzuki Souichirou is innocent.
Isn't there another way to check if he's a Master or not?
We can't do this.
This method is too violent...!

"Hold on, Tohsaka...! This is too reckless...!"
"It's too late! I can't quit now!"
"!"

Tohsaka sticks out her left hand.
A black shot is released with an ear-ringing sound.

...I bite my lips to bear the uneasiness.
I'll have to bear it.
If Kuzuki-Sensei turns out to be innocent, I'll just have to remove the "curse" on him with all my power.

"I'm shooting now!"
She takes a small breath.
And right after that, a black bullet is released.

Everyone watches it in astonishment.
Not just me and Tohsaka.
Even Caster, who should be overwhelmed with victory, watches her master in astonishment.

Saber's quick charge to Kuzuki's counter-attacks...
From the nightmare-like neck grab, to the perfect throw that fascinated even us.


Saber doesn't move.
She was thrown by her neck and smashed back first into the wall.
The wound on her neck should be fatal.
Even worse, she hit the wall with such speed.

I don't think it killed her, but I'm sure she won't be able to move.
At the very least, Saber will stay on the ground until the wounds on her neck and body heal.

"No... way..."
I murmur without realizing.
Even though his fists are strengthened using Caster's magic, Kuzuki is only human.
Who could possibly think that he would be able to overwhelm a Servant in hand-to-hand combat?

"It is fine to assume that the Master's role is to support the battle from the back."
The lean figure turns.
"But there are always exceptions. There are Masters who can only fight head on."

He just proved that to us.
So...
Their roles as the one to fight and one to support are reversed...!

"What are you doing, Caster? I told you earlier.
 If you are to support me, you are to eliminate the enemy's projectile weapons."

The enemyKuzuki stares at Tohsaka.
A threat to him would not be Saber, but Tohsaka, who is able to attack from a distance.
That's why he won't attack us.
He fully knows that letting a magus fight a magus would be the most sure way to a kill.

"What's wrong, Caster? I told you that you can do as you wish."
"No, I will take care of Saber. Souichirou, please take care of the Masters."


Kuzuki silently nods and walks toward us.
Caster faces Saber behind him.

"Fine. Saber was taken aback, but I already know his attacks. We just have to beat him before he gets close to us."

Tohsaka slowly retreats while glaring at Kuzuki.
A battle between a magus and a fighter is a fight for distance.
Even though Kuzuki has monstrous fighting techniques, he has no magic resistance.

Therefore, we can win if we cast something.
We win if we manage to cast a spell before he reaches us.


Kuzuki faces Tohsaka and does not move.
Caster is walking towards the wall where Saber is smashed.

...That action is a mistake.
That's an opening I can take advantage of, so now
I'll protect Saber.
Even though she might not be able to defeat him, Tohsaka should have the advantage if she concentrates on running away.
There's about five meters between us.
If Kuzuki takes another step, Tohsaka should react instantly to avoid Kuzuki's attack.

But Saber's different.
Her neck is half cut off, and she was smashed back first into a wall.
Saber is in a terrible situation right now.
Even if she may be invincible against magi, Caster could easily defeat her in that state...!

"I'm counting on you, Tohsaka!"
I ready my wooden sword and charge at Kuzuki.

My objective is to reach Saber, who is about to be attacked by Caster.
I swing my wooden sword at Kuzuki as I pass him.
I'm sure he'll avoid it, but Tohsaka should take advantage of the opening I create...!

I swing my sword.

"Guh, kuh!?"
It doesn't even do anything.
The wooden sword is easily destroyed, he blows off my left foot with the returning blow, and...
...He rushes in at Tohsaka in an instant.

Time stops.
Tohsaka's astonished, but she instantly points her hand at Kuzuki.

But the right hand that almost pierced Saber's neck...
...Is thrust at her chest.

"Ahguh......!"
Tohsaka's breath is stopped at the impact.
Then...
A hammer-like fist strikes her head mercilessly.

"Tohsaka."
...I take in my fate seeing her miserable figure.
...Her head is missing.
Anything above her neck doesn't exist anymore.

"You made a wrong decision like Caster did, Emiya."
"......"
I can't raise my head.
...I can't look at Kuzuki. I am just like a student who's unable to answer his question in a classroom.
I stand on one foot like a scarecrow.

"This is the second human being I have killed..."
 A footstep.
 A killer called Kuzuki Souichirou slowly makes his way towards me.
"...But I still do not feel anything."
Smack.
With a ridiculous sound, a hole is created in my chest.
I'll protect Tohsaka.
Saber isn't dead yet.
Even though Kuzuki was an unexpected monster, Saber hasn't lost yet.
And besides, Caster shouldn't be able to finish Saber off.


I put strength into my grip.
I glare at Kuzuki, so as not to miss even his blinking.
The instant he faces Tohsaka, I slide myself in between them.
Knowing Tohsaka, I bet she'll jump instantly to the side to shoot Kuzuki

"Kya...!"
There's no time to do so.
It happens in an instant.
The instant I think Kuzuki's body wavered, he is in front of Tohsaka.

She's astonished, but Tohsaka instantly points her hand at Kuzuki.
But the right hand that almost pierced Saber's neck...
...Strikes Tohsaka right in her chest.

"Ahguh......!"
Time stops for Tohsaka.
She's hit right in the center of her body and has her breath stopped.

That's it.
As she cannot breathe, she cannot cast her spell and has most of her ability as a magus cut off.
She managed to instantly jump back, so the attack only stopped her breath.

But the next attack...
Even though she jumped back, it's only about a meter or so.
Such a distance...
It's not even considered a retreat against Kuzuki!

"Kuh!"
I move in between them.
Using my wooden sword as a shield, I face Kuzuki, who's about to attack Tohsaka.
He thrusts his fist.

"Wha...!?"
I can't see it...!?
How did Saber avoid such a
", guh!"
I desperately protect my left side.

I hear a heavy sound and the sound of my wooden sword breaking.
I see Kuzuki getting ready for his next attack.

I'll die.
I feel it instinctively.
My strengthened wooden sword was like metal.
If he can destroy it in one blow, he can destroy any part of my body.

I can't stop him.
Tohsaka is coughing painfully behind me.
I can't see his attacks, and my only weapon was destroyed.

His fist accurately goes for my temple.
Emiya Shirou will die from that hammer-like attack.
Having my head smashed off, I would probably splatter a rain of blood and brains.

I'll die if I don't stop it.
A weapon.
I can't match him.
I'll need a strong weapon to make up for the vast difference in our powers.

It closes in on my brain.
I imagine myself dying.
No. If that happens...

I'll die if I can't stop it.
A weapon. I need a weapon.
A weapon that he can't destroy. Not a quickly-furnished weapon like a wooden sword, but a proven, strong weapon.
The finest quality at that, a weapon undeserved by me. Yes, the weapon he carries would probably be

"Trace, on."
Then I'll make it. I'll make it even if it's impossible. I'll make it no matter what the consequences may be.
I make myself believe that strengthening and reproduction, things that already exist and things that do not already exist, are similar.

That's right, there's no time to think. Fake it no matter what.
It does not matter if something gets destroyed in the process. I don't care even if it's just a fake. Hurry. Forget everything. Don't I know that I'm not the only one who'll be killed!? If I can't stop it, Tohsaka will......!!!!!!!"

"Huh, no way...!?"
That spectacle...
Tohsaka speaks out for me.
"Hm"
A deep voice.
Is that Kuzuki's voice?
Something might have happened to my ears as I can't hear properly.

No, not only my ears, but the senses of my limbs are too weak.
Only my right eye is functioning.
I watch the approaching fist.
I observe as someone else's action blocks the attack.


My arms are about to rip off.
Even though I have no feeling, I hear my nerves tearing off.

In my hands are his twin swords.
Yang-sword Kanshou and Yin-sword Bakuya.
The names of the swords.
Even though they're haphazardly reproduced, the swords still present their existences to the wielder.

But I'm sorry.
I can't project you guys perfectly with my skills.

"Guh!"


We spring apart.
The twin swords that parried thirty attacks break as if saying they cannot take any more.
It's not because they lost against Kuzuki's fists.
The swords disappeared because I couldn't maintain their image.


The twin swords must have been unexpected, as Kuzuki shows hesitation for the first time.
Then...
A strong wind is created in the intersection.

"Saber...!"
I look toward the wall.
Saber must have healed as she is standing up.
Caster is backing away from her.

...Yes, that's why it was a mistake.
Even though she was defeated, Saber still had her powers. So there's no way Saber, who has powerful magic resistance, could be cornered by Caster.
It is Kuzuki's role to finish Saber off.
But Caster made a mistake.
She must have been planning something, but that extra thinking caused her to lose out on her perfect chance.


Kuzuki retreats.
He stands as if to protect Caster and...
"This is it. We'll retreat, Caster."
He makes a precise decision.

"Master...!? No, Saber is hurt. You should be able to defeat her again!"
"She is not someone who would fall for it twice. It is I who underestimated her.
 I should have attacked her one more time."

...Kuzuki is right.
Saber was cornered because Kuzuki's techniques were too odd.
But that's only up to now.
I can't cope with it no matter how many times I receive them, but Saber is already used to the attacks.

The main point of a tactic is not to have a concrete shape.
Even though they are strong, Kuzuki's attacks are too odd, so they are easily seen through.
Therefore, they must be fatal on the first strike.
That is the difference between a "technique" that is trained to an art, and an "action" that is trained to the utmost limits.

"...I understand, Souichirou.
 Yes, a Servant should obey its Master."
Who was that directed at?
Caster's robe flutters as she finishes.

...There's nothing after that.
The bluish-purple robe circles Kuzuki, and as if through sorcery, they disappear without a trace.
And I see his dream.

The memory of the man who was set up as a hero...
A story of a knight who was understood by no one.

It was a simple story.
In short, there was something wrong with him.
He had some power, and he had some ambition.
But he used his powers at the wrong places from beginning to end, and he died.

It's only natural.
Power exists to grant your own wishes.
Compassion does no good for others.
Kirei says so often, but everything is balanced because everything you do comes back to you.
One gets energy because actions circle around to create more energy.

But not having that means never being replenished.
For example, if one lives for others and not oneself, I'm sure one would run out of power right away.
If there were such a thing as disposable money, that's what it would be like.
It'd be used by strangers, and it'd only disappear after it's used.
It's easy to take advantage of it, and that it'd be used is already a given.
That's why in the end...
He saw many betrayals, and his life was ended by "someone" he saved.

...It just makes me mad.
I want to question him, "why?"
He worked hard, put in great effort even though he's an ordinary human being, and he managed a miracle with his own blood.
And his compensation was betrayal and death. It's not even a joke, but he died satisfied.
I have no intention of commenting on someone's life, but...
I can never accept that one thing.

That's my impression of the dream I've seen a few times now.
I usually wake up here.
But...
It seems the dream continues today.

He is standing in hell.

It is a scene of some natural disaster, not the result of human conflict.

"Let me make a contract. I shall give you my life after my death. I would like the compensation now."

He weaves the words of contract.
After that, he changed as though possessed by something and saved people who could not normally be saved.
...Oh, so this must be how he became a "heroic spirit".

...Seeing it this way, it's nothing much.
I bet the people he saved were not even in the hundreds.
He cannot even be called a "hero" with such a number, nor would he be promoted to a "heroic spirit".
But the number isn't important.
The qualification of a hero, one who surpasses humans, is to be able to save those that are fated to die.

It is an alteration of fate.
It does not matter if he does not have power as a hero, as long as he averted a disaster that could not be changed, however small in scope.
No.
The world would obtain a "heroic spirit" in compensation for the miracle.

He became a hero and saved those that could not have been saved.
As a result, he became a heroic spirit after he died, and he is now repeating what he was doing before he died
Being a "servant".
I guess compensation for a miracle is to become a convenient disposable tool that will fight for others even after one dies.

Heroic spirits.
Superior spirits chosen from amongst humans. The guardians of humanity.
But they are not ones with free will like the Servants.
Heroic spirits are guardians of humanity.
Guardians do not have a free will, and they are treated as "powers".
They are called forth to protect the world only when a factor appears that could destroy it. They are weapons that destroy these factors.
The Servant system is a summoning ritual that takes advantage of these "guardians".

The guardians are summoned into every age, eliminate the offending factor, and then disappear from this world.
...I would hate to be like that, but he must have been prepared to take on that role.

No, he might have even wished for it...
That it would be perfect if he could save people even after he died.
Even though he did not have the power to save them when he was alive, he must have believed he could avert every tragedy if he became a heroic spirit.
With that in mind, he made a contract with the world to give up his body after his death, and he saved a hundred people.
...Believing that...
...He would be able to save tens of thousands of people afterwards.

How... stupid of him.
That cannot be.
Because for a heroic spirit to be called upon, the place would already have to be a place of death.
Heroic spirits are summoned only into hell.
They appear only when the world is about to be destroyed by people.
Humans are the ones that will perish from their own doings.
So the process of destruction must always be the same.

Jealousy. Hatred. Selfishness. Desire.
The man who loved people and tried to be of help to them was shown the same ugliness even after he died.
He was called into such scenes and served his responsibility as a guardian.

He killed.
He killed and killed and killed and killed. He killed everyone that was around him when he was summoned to save humanity as a whole.
I don't know how many times he repeated thatnor do I know how many times he will have to repeat it in the future.

...So there's only one thing I can say.
He has been betrayed by many things...
But in the end, he was betrayed by the only thing he believed in, his ideal.

"Geez"
When I wake up, that's all I can say.
My body feels tired and I can't move at all.
My mind is the only clear thing, and I blankly stare at the ceiling.

"...I knew it. So that's his memory, huh?"
I sigh and stare at the ceiling.
...This is hard.
He could have told me that I might get a glimpse of his memory when I'm asleep because Masters and Servants are connected.
If he had told me, I could have cut my consciousness so that I wouldn't see such a thing.

"I'll get up. There are lots of things I have to do today."
I get up.
My body is heavy and my eyelids are heavier than steel.
I curse how I'm not a morning person and start changing into my uniform slowly.

"But, well..."
I don't know if this is as I expected or not.
But he used to be a hot-blooded man.
I don't know what hero he is, but it seems he was more honest before.

"...Well, I guess it's natural to have a twisted personality if he led such a life and ended up like he has, even after he died."
I laugh it off.
My face in the mirror looks serious and about to cry, but I decide to laugh.
Because I have to do so or I won't be able to face Archer normally.

I get ready and drink the freshly brewed tea in the living room.
I don't usually eat breakfast, so it's pretty quick.
I have fifteen minutes until I have to get going. This cup of tea is like a ritual I perform every morning to wake up my half-asleep body.
"Rin, how long are you going to be playing around for?"
But there's one fool that cannot read his master's mind.

"I'm going to relax until seven-thirty. I'll be late if I stay here longer than that."
"I'm not talking about school. I'm talking about the Holy Grail War.
 ...It is not bad to cooperate with other Masters. But in your case, the partner you chose is too weak."
"Geez."
That again?
Archer tells me to cut my ties with Emiya Shirou every chance he gets.

"I told you I have no intention of doing so. You say so, but I think he's rather suitable. It's true that he's not much help in battle, but he's perfect as an ally.
 ...Um, I think he would never betray me."

"Trust is usually established through tactics. I cannot trust someone without a reason. Look, he is not someone that will stay and win. If you are to choose an ally, Caster's Master is a smarter person."
"Don't kid me, Archer. Are you telling me to stoop so low?"
I put my teacup down and stare at Archer.
Even if it may be sarcasm, I cannot ignore what he just said.



...The air freezes.
I'm seriously pissed, and Archer has no intention of backing down.
We stare at each other for a while.

"It is true that Caster is a heretic, but she is indeed like a magus.
 In that regard, you are not fit for fighting. If you are a magus, you should put results over your wishes."
"It's useless being cynical. I won't change my policy."
"...Man, what is wrong with you? You've gotten strange since you got to know Emiya Shirou. Where did that rationality of yours go?"


...Heh.
I realize that without having you tell me.
But I can't help it.
He doesn't have anything even though he's a magus, and is dangerously single-minded.
It's unproductive to scheme against such a guy, andhe's, um...

"Rin? What's wrong? Did you finally realize your own foolishness?"
"Yeah, there is something wrong with me.
 But Archer. This is all because you showed me unnecessary things."
"What?"

"...No, forget about it. You're my Servant, so I'm only going to do what I believe is right. I'm not as loose as Emiya Shirou, but I do have some things I can't give up. I won't give them up no matter who's telling me so."

I say so with anger.
And that makes me realize...
I don't feel any sympathy, even after learning about his past.
I'm just mad at him.

"...Humph. Where's your reply, Archer!?"
I take it out on Archer and glare at him.
The knight in red makes his usual gesture.
"I guess it can't be helped. It is the role of the servant to support his master when the master is not doing well. I shall look after you until you return to your usual self."
And he answers with a reply that's neither a 'yes' nor a 'no'.

...I wake up.
I feel heavy, like there's lead inside my head.

"What is this? I haven't been waking up very well recently."
Is it because I have lots to think about or because I'm seeing strange dreams?
"!"
Even though I usually don't see dreams, I think I've been seeing something like a dream recently.

"...Well, they were beautiful swords..."
I see images of swords in my dreams.
In them, his shortswords come up pretty often.

"Damn. Yeah, I like them. So what?"
I curse the person that's not here and get up from my futon.
It's before six in the morning.
I can't be affected by strange dreams. I have to go make breakfast.

Saber sees me off as I leave the house.
I'm getting used to this lifestyle, as the morning passes by smoothly.

I don't see Tohsaka at the gate.
Since the only suspect we had, Issei, turned out to be innocent, I bet she's busy running around gathering information.

"Wait, it's not someone else's business. I have to investigate as well."
...But how will I do that?
I guess Tohsaka is investigating the people at school, so I guess I'll investigate the building.

Well, life's not convenient enough to let me notice anything I haven't noticed before.
I searched the school using all the breaks I had and the first half of lunch break, but I wasn't able to find anything strange.

"Hm. I don't know what you were up to, but good job on your work."
He must be done eating already, as he greets me while reading an old poetry book.

"......Thanks. I'm getting some tea since I'll be eating here. Oh, where's the teapot?"
"Oh, it's here. We only have kelp tea, but is that all right?"

"What? Hmm, then I'll just take water. I just can't take the muddled feeling of that tea."
"I see. Then I shall go get some green tea from the teacher's office tomorrow."
I leave the laughing Issei to himself, pour some water into my cup, and sit down at the table.

"Itadakimasu."
I clap my hands together and open my lunchbox.
At the same time, someone knocks on the door.
"Huh? There's someone at the door, Issei."
"Hm? At this time?"
Issei slowly goes to the door.

The visitor is Kuzuki, the one in charge of the student council.
I see Kuzuki-Sensei a lot here, but I bet it's "Emiya is in the student council room a lot" from his point of view.


I silently eat my chicken-sprinkled lunch.
There must not be anything important today, as Issei and Kuzuki-Sensei are just chatting.


Munch.
Munch, munch.

"Sensei, it's almost time."
"Hm. I see. Sorry to take your time. I think you know without having it said, but do not forget to lock this place up. And make sure you leave school on time."
"Yes, yes. I know."
Kuzuki-Sensei leaves and Issei comes back in a good mood.


...Wow, I just saw something rare.
It's really rare to see Kuzuki-Sensei chatting about meaningless things with a student.
And with that shy Issei.
...Oh. They might get along since they're both stubborn, but it's still strange.

"Hey, Issei."
"Hm? What, Emiya?"
"I've been wondering for a while, but are you on good terms with Kuzuki?"
Oh, he's surprised.

"No, it's fine if you don't want to answer. I just thought that was the case, so don't worry about it."
"Oh, no. I just realized I haven't told you about it. It is only natural that we are getting along. Kuzuki-Sensei is like a brother to me."
"Huh?"
Kuzuki-Sensei is like Issei's brother?

"Hold on. What does that mean?"
"I'm telling you that he's like my older brother.
 SouichirouKuzuki-Sensei has been staying over at my place for about three years. He is a naive person as you can see, but he has a sincere heart. He is living under the same roof as me, and he is someone I can respect as a person. It is only natural for me to respect him as my older brother."

"Kuzuki lives at the Ryudou Temple?"
It feels like I got hit in the head with a hammer.
But I act calm and ask Issei to continue.

"Oh yeah. You mentioned something about an unfamiliar woman at your place, right? Does Kuzuki know about her?"
"She is more than that, as she is his fiancee. We are letting her borrow a room until they hold their wedding celebration."


A second shock.
"Issei. You wouldn't call her an unfamiliar woman in that case, right?"
I try my hardest to object with a dizzy head.

"An unfamiliar woman is an unfamiliar woman. Even if she may be Kuzuki-Sensei's fiancee, that is all I can say about her, as I don't even know her name."
Issei stops the conversation as if saying he's angry.


...A-Anyways.
This is something I can't ignore.
Kuzuki Souichirou is coming from the Ryudou Temple, and there is a woman that is said to be at the Ryudou Temple.
I hear Kuzuki-Sensei's fiancee showed up about a month ago.
If that's Caster, all our answers are right there

"So, that's what I heard."

In the classroom after school...
We don't even have ten more minutes until we have to go home, but I tell Tohsaka about Kuzuki-Sensei.

"What do you think? Considering Issei's case, I don't think we should suspect him just because he's from the Ryudou Temple."

"...Kuzuki-Sensei, huh? He's not even a magus to start with, disregarding the fact that he doesn't have the presence of a Master."
I don't know if she's listening to me, as Tohsaka is frowning to herself.

"He's not a magus...? That's good. I guess we can count him out in that case."
"Why? Someone as suspicious as him has to be a Master."

...Well, I'm starting to get used to this.
But I still can't keep up with Tohsaka's thought processes.

"We'll ambush him tonight. I'll try pulling some strings so that he'll have to stay the nightshift, so you be ready too."

"Heyhold on. We can't do that.
 Get him on night shift... Are you saying we'll fight him tonight?"
"Of course. There's no guarantee that Kuzuki will come to school tomorrow.
 We won't wait. We'll make him stay at school until night and test if he's a Master or not on his way home."

"...Let me ask you to make sure. How are you going to test if he's a Master or not?"
"Using force. Just like I did to you."

The phrase "just like I did to you" sounds a bit sweet.
...So, as I thought, Tohsaka is a bully inside.
Maybe I fought her over the playground's peace when we were small.

"I'm against it. There should be a gentler way to check. We shouldn't have to take such dangerous measures."
"It's not dangerous. I'm not indiscriminate, you know?
 I'll just shoot a light Gandr shot at him. If he's a normal person, he'll just sleep in for two days with a cold."

"Ohthat's a problem as well. If Kuzuki is a Master, we'll get into a battle right then and there. As we're the ones attacking him, we won't be able to talk to him."

"...? I don't get it. That'll be even more convenient.
 What part of it do you think is dangerous?"

"I'm the one that doesn't get you! I'm talking about how dangerous it'll be for you."

Tohsaka must have finally realized, as she stops the conversation.

But that's only for an instant.
"I see. That's fine as well. I'll just do it by myself in that case."
She easily concludes.

"Damn!"
I guess it's meaningless to say anything to her once she's determined to do something.

"...All right, I'll go along. I don't know what reckless things you might do if I let you be."
"That's my line. ...Geez."

"...It's time to leave. Then we'll meet at seven at the park below the bridge. We'll probably end up fighting, so you better be prepared."
She looks away and walks off.
I leave the classroom after her.

"Then we will attack Caster's Master tonight?"
"We still don't know if Kuzuki is a Master, but that's pretty much the plan."

I report to Saber about today as soon as I get home.
Saber must agree with Tohsaka, as she is hyped up already.

"So we won't be training today. I'll go make dinner right away, so let's get ready for tonight... Wait, is it bad to eat before going to battle?"

"Huh...? Why are you asking? I believe there will be a problem if we get hungry during battle"
"Well, I was thinking that it might be too heavy. We don't even have an hour left, so we might be better off eating after we come home."

"Oh, I do not think that is the case. It is a quality of warriors to quickly digest anything we consume.
 I do not think food will be bad if one has been training and has led a proper lifestyle..."

"Um. Does that mean I can cook dinner?"
"Yes. I believe we will have more energy that way."
...I see.
I have trained to be able to move right after meals, so I guess there's no problem.
But I'll make a light dinner just in case.

"Then I'll be going to the living room. How about you, Saber?"
"I cannot bother you. I will stay here and calm my mind."
I guess she'll be sitting here Japanese-style in meditation.

"All right. I'll come get you once dinner's ready."
I leave the dojo.
It's dark outside.
We're meeting at seven. ...That must mean we'll be attacking Kuzuki-Sensei about an hour after we meet.


We'll have to fight if Kuzuki turns out to be a Master.
Caster is a wary Servant.
She would never give us another chance at a surprise attack if she found out her Master had been attacked.
...Then we'll have to make sure to beat him if we're going to attack.
I can't let my enemy escape, nor can I run away.

No matter who it may be, Caster's Master has to be defeated to stop Caster, the one attacking all the people in this town.
If all goes well, we'll take away his Command Spell and he won't be a Master anymore.
...But in the worst case, we'll have to try to kill each other.

"Oh yeah. I have to take a weapon.
 A weapon at my placesomething I can easily put magical energy intowould be a wooden sword.
My success rate of the "strengthening" magic has been pretty good recently, so even a wooden sword would become a good weapon.
But that's only in the case of normal battles.
I'll need a better weapon if I am to fight against a Master or a Servant.

"To be greedyswords like his."
...I imagine what I saw in my dream.

Twin swords of black and white.
If they're about that long, I should be able to use them...
...And most of allI could fight decently if I had those swords.
I'd be able to protect myself, not be a burden on Saber, and be proud that I'm Saber's Master.

"Man. It's meaningless to ask for something you don't have, you idiot."

My shoulders slump as I head to the porch.
I'll just do what I can.
For now, I'll concentrate on making dinner.
Saber always seems so serious, but it seems Saber is looking forward to the meals. It's been my recent secret joy to make her happy.
There's no one at the house.
The hallway's dead silent.
My ears might still be screwed up, as I can't even hear my own footsteps.
The numbness in my limbs won't go away, and I don't feel like I'm stepping on the ground.


Surprised that I can still walk in this condition, I go with Saber to my room.

"Let's not train today. You must be tired, right?
 You were pretty badly wounded too."
I talk to Saber once we get to my room.

"...No, I do not have a problem. I have used magical energy to heal myself, but I am still able to replenish that magical energy.
 More than that, Shirou. Is there anything wrong with your body?"

"...? No, I'm fine. My limbs are still heavy, but this is like muscular pain, so I bet it'll be gone by tomorrow."

"......All right. But please tell me if your body is hurting."

"Yeah. You can wake me up too if anything happens. If you get hungry at night, I'll make you something."
 I can't provide magical energy for her, so all I can do is make some food to cheer her up.

"...Shirou. Please do not push yourself."
Saber goes to the next room.

"......Yeah. I guess I'll go to bed."
I set my futon down and lay on it.
My limbs are a bit numb.
It might be the effect of magic I'm not used to doing, as I feel like I'll pass out if I let my guard down.

"...Hm. ...What's going on?"
I guess... I'm tired.
The ringing in my ears annoys me, but I think I can still get a good night's sleep

"! Ah......"

"Ah, gu, guh"

"HaaHaa, ha, gi"

"Ahguh......!!!!!"
I squeeze the futon.
It feels like hot metal is coming up my throat.
Every muscle, every bone in my body is messed up.

"Giah, guh!"
I hear a grinding sound with my numb ears.
The sound of creaking bones is coming from within me.
What don't they like?
My bones are twitching as if to complain to me, and my ribs are shaking as if to burst out of my body.

"Guhhaa......!"
Pain runs throughout my body.
My whole body is pushed down by a great force, but the pain is coming from within.
It's condensed in a small place, but the contradiction is that my body is expanding.

"Gah......!!!!"
On top of my futon, I wiggle around like a bug and try to bear the unknown pain.

"Haaah, ah"
...My brain's burning.
My brain must not be able to endure the pain, as it is like a sauna now.
I don't care if this is compensation for magic over my level, or if this is the abnormality Saber was talking about.

"Guhah........."
But for some reason, I don't want to ask Saber for help.
I don't want to worry her, and I have to be responsible for what I did.
"...It's natural... to do so...... since I'm a guy"
I suppress my moaning as I sweat.

...The clock I look at with my vague mind says it's not yet midnight.
I should be able to escape this pain if I sleep, but I'm sure the pain will wake me up even if I do.

"HaHaagu......!!!"
...I'm going into a daze.
My mind's boiling up.
The pain should go away once the sun comes up.
But until then...
I have to bear this pain for about seven hours, and this fact by itself seems like a bad dream

She must have made a sound on purpose.
It is slow, and the black haze goes for Kuzuki like a pitcher's changeup.


A wind of disease that will cause him to be sick in bed for two days.
But two days of inaction is fatal for a Master.
There has to be some kind of a reaction if Kuzuki-Sensei is a Master.

"Crap!"
Tohsaka jumps.
...Kuzuki does not react at all. Tohsaka's Gandr shot mercilessly hits Kuzuki Souichirou's head
But, right before that.
It is nullified by a robe that suddenly appears in the sky.

"Oh."
The man that was supposed to get hit by the Gandr shot looks at us.
...As if saying he knew we were here all along.

"Tohsaka...!"
I quickly take the wooden sword out of my bag and put magical energy into it.
There's no time to be screwing up the "strengthening" magic.

The robe that appeared in front of Kuzuki now takes form.
Female limbs appear from the bluish purple robe.
Teleportation.
A complete teleportation is considered to be a sorcery even in this modern world.
Caster has easily performed such a thing to appear in front of us.

"I have warned you, Souichirou. I told you to stay at the Ryudou Temple because such things can happen."
She must think nothing of us, as she calmly talks to her masterKuzuki.
"That is not true. We did catch a target."

"Yes. The fish aren't that large, but it makes no difference since this is quite a haul. Come out now, you foolish magus."


I guess running away would be hard now.
No, if Caster and her Master are here, all we have to do is fight them, even if this is in the middle of the town.
But before that

"You're not coming out? That's too bad. I at least wanted to see what you looked like."
"Damn that fox. She should know who we are already"

Tohsaka grumbles from her hiding spot.
Caster must hear it...
"I will give you three seconds. I will do the same attack to you after that."
...Since she says so and points her hand in our direction.

I recall what happened at the Ryudou Temple.
She won't hold back.
Knowing her, I bet she would destroy this whole area along with the wall we're hiding behind.

"Emiya-kun, jump out when I give the signal. Saber, are you ready?"
I sense her nodding behind me.
But.
There's something I need to confirm before that.

"Sorry. Do that later, Tohsaka."
"Huh?"
I don't wait for her reply.
I go out into the intersection with my wooden sword.

"Hey, Shirou!"
...Tohsaka must not want to let me go alone, as she comes out as well.

"Oh, this is unexpected. Do you understand your position more now, boy?"
Caster watches us with composure.
...Kuzuki is standing next to her.
We're about ten meters apart.
No matter how I think about it, Caster's finger would be much faster than me running into them.


But I showed myself in spite of that.
I have to do something before I fight.
That is

"Tohsaka and Emiya, huh? So you two are Masters as well, like Matou? Fate has an odd way of doing things."
...To check the true identity of Kuzuki Souichirou, the one Caster is protecting.

"So? You have something you want to ask me?"
He says so in his usual manner.
I don't feel a presence as a magus from Kuzuki.
No, I don't even feel his desire to win the Holy Grail War.
Then

"Kuzuki. Are you controlled by Caster?"
It's possible that Kuzuki is controlled by Caster like Archer said.
I can't fight against Kuzuki until I get this cleared up.


Caster emits an intent to kill.
That alone tells me the question is off-limits for her.

"What an annoying boy. I should kill you."
Her words are not a threat.
But...
"Hold on. Why are you asking that, Emiya?"
Kuzuki stops her in his usual manner.

"There should be reasoning behind your question. Tell me."

...My throat is dry.
It must be Caster's intent to kill. The robed figure tells me I'll be killed if I say something bad.
I bear it and...

"I don't know how you became a Master. But you're an honest human, right? Then you shouldn't be overlooking what Caster's doing.
 But since it seems you are overlooking it, I thought you just might not know about it."
I say so while glaring at Caster.

"What Caster is doing?"
"...Yeah. She's putting up her fort at the Ryudou Temple and collecting magical energy from the people in this town. All the coma incidents happening recently are her doing."


"There will be more victims. I'm sure someone will die as long as Caster keeps draining magical energy.
 ...She said everyone in town is her sacrifice. It won't be long before it's too late."

"I see. A normal human being would not be able to let her be.
 So you thought I might be controlled since I am letting her do as she wishes."

"...Yeah. But if you're overlooking her deeds knowing what she's doing, then you're just a killer. We won't hold back on you. But it's a different story if you're controlled.
 We'll just defeat Caster."
"No. This is the first time I heard about this."

Kuzuki declares so firmly.
I don't think it's a lie. Kuzuki Souichirou is straight-forward like when he is teaching.

"Phew."
I sigh with relief, while keeping watch on Caster.
Kuzuki-Sensei is a victim if he's controlled by Caster.
Then all that's left is to defeat Caster

"But Emiya. Is Caster's doing so bad?"
But still.
Kuzuki Souichirou plainly says so.

"Wh... at...?"

"It does not concern me how many strangers die. And besides, Caster has not taken anyone's life.
 ...But I must say, you aren't very thorough, Caster. You should have drained all of their energy if that is the case."

"!"
He's not any different from usual.
Kuzuki Souichirou gives his honest opinion.

"Kuzuki, are you going to involve innocent people in this!!!!?"
"I do not care about anyone. ...Well, you correctly guessed my nature.
 I am not a magus. I am just a killer that has rotted away."

Kuzuki takes a step back.
He watches us from behind Caster.

"You are right that I am Caster's puppet.
 I do not care about the Holy Grail War. If Caster and you two are going to kill each other, I will just observe.
 But"

"I value my own life. I do not care what Caster is scheming. I only kill those that are attacking me.
 Do as you wish, Caster. You can kill them or not."

Caster is standing in front of us with an expression of victory.

"Geez, they're both big foxes...!"
Tohsaka complains, but she doesn't move.
No, she cannot move.
In terms of skills as magi, we have no chance of beating Caster.
Masters are magi, so we cannot match an excellent magus like Caster

"I see.
 Then you do not mind dying here, Caster's Master?"

"...Huh?"
I hear a voice from behind me.
Before I can turn around...
The Servant of the sword, Saber, charges forward.

"Saber!?"
Even my voice won't catch up to her.
Saber is already armed and charges at Kuzuki like the wind.

"Stop, Saber!"

Caster confronts Saber with her casting.
She uses five verses for her spell.
If Saber is a wind for charging ten meters in a flash, Caster is a lightning for finishing her spell even faster.
It's a raging thunder at that.
She shoots off five bullets of light in under a second, and the bullets pierce Saber like fatal thorns!
"Magic resistance...! No, I don't know a knight that can defend against my magic...!"

Caster screams.
Even Archer had to evade Caster's spell, but Saber is nullifying it just by glaring at it.

Saber's not looking at Caster.
Her target...
The one she has to slash is Caster's Master, Kuzuki Souichirou...!

Saber slashes Kuzuki without hesitation.
"Souichirousama."
...The intersection becomes silent again.
Saber stops after slashing her sword.
Everyone here thinks that the battle is over due to the incredible speed.

Yes.
       Everyone except Kuzuki Souichirou, who is standing there calmly.
Hi, is everyone doing well? This is the place that saves Shirou, who has died by letting his guard down for just a moment, the Tiger Dojo session 19!
We have a special guest this time. Flying head tribe, RIN.
How do you feel, RIN-san?
Kill Shirou.
(She's wonderful...!)
Um, I understand how you feel, but please restrain yourself.
Shirou's action of putting priority on Saber over Rin was professional negligence resulting in death.
But it can't be helped!
It just means Saber-chan had more charm as a woman than RIN-san. That's why you weren't protected when it counted!
Well, it just wasn't your day today. Try to act cute next time so it won't end up like this!

But Shirou should contemplate his actions as well!
In that situation, you should place priority on Tohsaka-san over Saber-chan.
I know it's hard to abandon Saber-chan, but you should protect Tohsaka-san instead even if it's JUST Tohsaka-san.
Gyaa!! T-T-T-The head is moving!?
R-RIN-san... um... where are you going, if I may ask...?
Just going to kill Shirou.
KYAAA!!!!!
RUN, PLEASE RUN!!
(...She sure is wonderful!)

I cut the codfish.
I've cut up the cabbage, and the white radish is grated.
"...All right. All I need to do is put these in the soup and put it on the stove..."

The pot is boiling.
It's a simple dish, so the soup is like the only thing I can work on.
That went well, so all that's left is to prepare the plates

"I'm home! Man, it's so cold that it started snowing."
There's commotion as Fuji-Nee comes home.
"Welcome home. It started snowing outside?"

"Yeah. It's not much, but it looks like it'll pile up. Wow, we're having pot food for dinner? Great going, Shirou. Wow, I feel good. Maybe I should have some alcohol."
Fuji-Nee goes into the living room, saying scary things.

"Hello, Fujimura-Sensei."
"Oh, it's Tohsaka-san. What's going on? It's rare for me to see you here."

......?
Fuji-Nee naturally accepts Tohsaka's greeting.
She hums, goes past the living room, and comes into the kitchen.

"Wow, that's a good codfish. They say white codfish is the best, so sake's really gonna taste good with that."

Fuji-Nee opens the refrigerator.
Then.
After taking out a snack and eating it...

"WAIT, WHY IS TOHSAKA-SAN HERE!!!!!?"

"Hey, Tohsaka-san! It's not 'hello'. What are you doing here at this time!?"
After swallowing her snack, Fuji-Nee marches into the living room.

"Emiya-kun is treating me to dinner. As for you, aren't you lacking a bit of common courtesy, coming in here without ringing the doorbell?"
The Tohsaka army calmly counterattacks Fuji-Nee.

"Ugh... I-I'm a supervisor here!
ShirEmiya-kun's dad put me in charge here, so I'm like family here!"

"I see. Then I shall formally greet you.
 Hello, Fujimura-Sensei. I spent the whole day here. I will continue to study for the exam with Emiya-kun after dinner, but please do not mind us."

"WhaShirou... no, Emiya-kun! What is the meaning of this!? Since when did you decide to hold a study session with Tohsaka-san!?"

"Sensei? Please do not push yourself if it is hard to address him that way.
 It does not concern me how you may call Emiya-kun. I do not care if you call him by his name or with '-chan' added on. I respect people's privacy."

"UghTohsaka-san, did you hear about it from Sakura-chan...?"
"I cannot say what Matou-san was talking about, since I must respect her privacy as well. But I wish it is as you imagine."

Fuji-Nee falters in front of Tohsaka's smile.
...I understand how Fuji-Nee feels.
You feel pressured and cornered when she makes that smile...

"I guess the match is decided. I can leave them now."
Actually, it wasn't even a match to begin with.
It's only a matter of time before Tohsaka talks Fuji-Nee down.
I'll let Tohsaka take care of it and I'll go cook dinner

The snow stops before the pot is empty.
It only snowed for about two hours, so I bet there's only a bit of snow out there.

"Shirou, I put the dishes in the sink."
"Oh, thanks. I'll go wash them real quick."
I get up and head to the kitchen.

"Are you doing the dishes? Maybe I should do it. It doesn't balance out if I'm the only one getting treated."
Tohsaka gets up as Fuji-Nee sits down.
The proposal is delightful, but I can't let a guest do the dishes.

"No, you'll just owe me one. Just sit there since you just ate. And Fuji-Nee, you're to go prepare the bath."
"All right, I know."
Fuji-Nee is obedient, maybe because she's full now.
It'd be easy for me if she were always like this, but that'd be kind of boring as well.

"Oh."
I dropped another plate.
It's been twenty minutes since I started doing the dishes. This is the second plate I've dropped on the floor.

"......Hm."
I can't excuse myself saying that it's because my left hand is numb. I must be lacking concentration if I'm dropping dishes because of such a small problem.


I calmly think for a second that I should put it off until my left arm heals, but I shake off the idea.

I roll up my sleeves and continue with the dishes.
I can only accept it if it's some outside factor, but I can't accept an internal factor causing it.
There's no way I can't win against myself, so I can't admit defeat.

"Hm"
As a result, I recklessly increase the damage.
This is the third plate I've dropped.
I put a towel below me after I dropped the first one, so it fortunately did not break.

So it shouldn't be a problem, but

It's really awkward having Tohsaka's eyes on me every time I drop a plate.

"...Fujimura-Sensei. Is Emiya-kun always like that?"
I can hear Tohsaka from the living room.

"Don't be stupid. Shirou has never broken a plate before. I bet he's nervous because you're here."
Because you're his enemy.
Fuji-Nee adds.


Tohsaka ignores her and stares at me.

"......"
...This is hard.
Half my body is numb, so if she watches me and distracts mewhoa.

"Damn."
I cluck my tongue and look down at the broken plate.
This is the fourth one now. I knew I was going to drop it, but I couldn't move my left hand quickly enough.
"......"
I slowly look behind me...


...She's watching me.
Tohsaka is observing me really closely.

Then.
She suddenly gets up and comes over here.

"Emiya-kun. I'll do it, so you go and rest."
"But..."
"Don't step on the broken plate, okay? I can figure out where to put what, so you can go drink some tea."
Tohsaka rolls up her sleeves and stands by the sink.


I guess it can't be helped.
It's hard to stop Tohsaka once she makes up her mind, and to be honest...
...It's vexing, but Tohsaka looks so beautiful when she's washing the dishes that I'm fascinated by her figure.

Fuji-Nee's the only one in the living room when I get out of the bath.
Tohsaka's shoes are still at the entrance, and I bet Saber's at the dojo.
It's almost nine o'clock now. I
The problem is Tohsaka.
It's getting late, so I have to get her to go home.

"Fuji-Nee, do you know where Tohsaka is?"
"I think Tohsaka-san went out into the yard. She asked me what was over there in the corner."

"Corner of the yard...?"
Does she mean the shed?
But why would she have any business there?

"It's so cold."
The winter air cools down my warm body.
I can't see the stars because of the clouds, and there is snow all over the grass.

"...Man. What's Tohsaka doing out here in the cold?"
I go through the yard, shivering.
I consider buying a coat while I make my way over to the shed.

"Emiya-kun!?"
"Come on, what are you doing here? It's getting late, so we don't have time to be playing around."

"Oh, yeah. This place is certainly cold."
"......"
She's suspicious.
She acts so suspiciously that I'm starting to get curious.

"Tohsaka. The door to the shed is open."
"T-That's not me! It was open when I first got here!"

"That's strange. I thought I locked it from the outside."
"That's a false charge. First of all, you can only lock that worn-out door from the inside."

"Yup, that's right. The door is always open and you can only lock it from the inside. So, how do you know that, Tohsaka?"

"!"
She bites her lip.
I'm beginning to understand that Tohsaka is really weak against surprise attacks coming from unexpected places.

"I don't care. There isn't anything in there, right?
 That's my training place, but all I do there is practice my strengthening magic. Isn't it like child's play for you?"
I urge Tohsaka to go back to the house.

...Then.
"I see. So you're not self-conscious of it, huh?"
Tohsaka glares at me as if challenging me.

"Tohsaka...?"
I ready myself at the sudden change of atmosphere.
Tohsaka narrows her eyes after seeing my reaction.

"I thought so. It's natural for your magic to fail if the one making it is like that."
"Hold on. Are you talking about the projection magic?"

"Yeah. I'm talking about the 'replicas without anything inside' in the shed.
 ...I bet you don't know how ridiculous that is. You have no process or simplification. You're ridiculous in every way, trying to use projection magic as an extension of strengthening magic."

"Well, I'm sorry.
 But I don't intend for it to succeed since the projection magic is only a practice for the strengthening magic. It's only a way for me to confirm my basics."

"I'm telling you that's the ridiculous part. You're using projection to confirm your basics? ...Try telling that to a magus other than me. They'll put you in formalin along with your brain."


I gulp.
Tohsaka sounds serious, and there's no humor in her voice at all.

"...I'm sorry, Tohsaka. I don't quite get what you're trying to say, but are you trying to tell me to practice more?"

"That's obvious. All you can do is keep training.
 But yeahif we want to make you stronger, you might become useful if we change your process just a bit."
Where did that anger go? Tohsaka starts to ponder seriously.

"Hm...? Change the process? You mean my strengthening magic?"
"What were you listening to, you thickhead!? It's the projection magic!
 We can't count on strengthening magic done by an amateur, but the projection magic is different. You were able to temporarily project Archer's swords, so you'll immediately be a force if you can do that again!"

"...Tohsaka. That's plausible, but yesterday was just luck. I won't be able to do it again even if you tell me to."

"That's why you're an amateur! If you're able to do it by chance or by will, you should be able to do it anytime!
 ...First of all, that wasn't luck at all. Magi that work on the outside world like me have a lot of magic that we can't use. But you're getting all the required materials from within you, so there shouldn't be any magic that's impossible for you."

"Hm? Getting it from the inside...?"
...Isn't that natural?
Magical energy is made from the Magic Circuit within you, so it's all coming from within you.

"......Geez. I guess it can't be helped since you taught yourself, but this is pretty bad. Projection doesn't even need to be mentioned, but I guess I have to teach you from scratch about everything else as well."
Tohsaka sighs.


I know I'm an amateur, but it pisses me off if Tohsaka says so.

"Heh, that's none of your business. I've been able to do fine just by myself, so I should be fine by myself in the future. But what are we going to do about the meeting? It's getting late, so we can't waste time forever."

"Huh? What time is it?"
"It's nine right now. It's not a time girls should be walking about."

"Oh, that's still early. Well, let's finish the meeting quickly if you say so."
Tohsaka nods and heads back to the house.

"...Why is it still early?"
For a girl, going outside at nine o'clock is like midnight.
But she still said it's early.... Is Tohsaka not self-conscious that she's a girl?
"No, let's stop that scary thought."
I shake my head and erase the ominous thought.

"Come on!"
Tohsaka calls to me.
I run to the porch.
...I'll rest before we resume the strategy meeting.
The relationship between cat, table heater, and mandarins.
It's been snowing outside, so it'd be nice to relax in here.
We don't have table heater at our place, though.

"Huh? You're going to eat some mandarins?"
"Yeah. There's still a boxful left, and they'll rot if we don't eat them.
 Three boxes were unexpected, but you went and bought them. It'll be a waste unless we eat them all."
I sit on the cushion and pour some tea.

"Ehehe. Then I'll give you three."
"I just ate, you idiot. I can't eat that many."
I take two and start peeling the skin off.

I don't know where Tohsaka went, but I'm sure she'll be back soon.
I want to relax until I finish eating these...

"Hey, Shirou. I think Saber-chan went to the dojo. Aren't you going to take her some tea?"
"Hmm, yeah. Hold on, I'll go take her some after I finish eating one."

"Hold on. I'll do it, so you can rest here.
 But don't you have to keep Tohsaka-san company? Even though you invited her with sheer determination, she'll hate you if you leave her alone."

"Uh, guh...!"
I swallow the piece in my mouth.
F-Fuji-Nee, how did you arrive at that conclusion...!?

"T-That's a misunderstanding, you idiot...! I wasn't the one who invited her today, and I don't care if she likes me or not...!"

"Oh, really? It looked like you were conscious of Tohsaka-san all throughout dinner."
"That's just your imagination!!! I don't know what she's doing, but we're going to finish our business after she gets back, and I'm going to kick her out of the house after that!"

"Oh, I see. I guess it was a misunderstanding.
 Then I'm going to go take some mandarins and tea to Saber-chan."

Fuji-Nee puts the food onto the tray and leaves.
Heh, go away. Now I can really relax.

I silently eat the mandarin after Fuji-Nee leaves.
Tohsaka isn't back and I have nothing else to do, so I keep on eating.
I finally finish the third mandarin, lay on the floor, and right when I let my guard down...

"But Shirou. You like Tohsaka-san more than Saber-chan, right?"
"Yeah."
I reply on reflex.

"F-F-F-Fuji-Nee...!"
"See, you let your guard down."
Fuji-Nee runs away in a flash.
I don't go after her.

"...Well, I've known Tohsaka for a longer time, she's pushy, red, and..."
I repeat strange excuses with a red face.

...So.
When I finally calm down and when Fuji-Nee comes back, Tohsaka comes back as well.
All right.
I'll pull myself together and get back to the main objective.
We get away from Fuji-Nee, who's in the living room, and continue the meeting out on the porch.
I expected it not to finish so easily because we've talked so much since noon, but...

"It's impossible to challenge the Ryudou Temple at the moment.
 The only thing we can do is to set up some sort of trap to lure Caster out."
Tohsaka concludes.

"Well. You're... right, but..."
"The problem is the trap.
 ...Well, I have two or three possible ideas, so you can stand by for now. In the worst case, I'll have you and Saber be the bait."

After saying something dangerous, Tohsaka opens the sliding door.
The cold air comes in.
Maybe this porch is special, as it's only a bit chilly.
...It's just like that night five years ago.
This porch is warm enough to be able to sit down and watch the moon even during wintertime.

"It's a good boundary field. I feel some human emotion, unlike the one at my place."
Tohsaka murmurs while sitting at the porch, staring into the yard.
"Do you want to sit here with me? I just want to talk."


I sit next to her silently.
She said she wants to talk, but she doesn't say anything.
I can't do anything else, so I stare at the yard absent-mindedly.


I can't see the moon.
My breath is white, probably because it snowed earlier.
When I look to my side, Tohsaka is staring at the yard with white breath as well.


I can touch her shoulder if I move a bit.
I'm not disturbed by that fact.
Is it because I'm getting used to it or because of the winter night?
Tohsaka is so close to me, but I feel so calm.

"So, what do you want to talk about, Tohsaka?"
I ask her, feeling that she's waiting for that question.

"...Hm. Well, this place is a bit special. I just thought that you might be fine as you are right now."

"Whoa. Do you mean I'm good enough as an amateur?"
"Not exactly, but maybe so.
 I don't know what kind of a magus Emiya Kiritsugu was, but this place is really natural. It's very open even though this is the workshop of a magus.
 All the doors are open, free for anyone to come in and leave. It's probably not bounded by anything because there's no knowledge here to protect."

"I think that's what your dad meant by telling you to become a magic user and not a magus. You have nothing, but in its place, you can go anywhere."

"What? You're not like that?"
"No, my place is different. My mansion is called a haunted house, and it really is. It rejects anybody that comes, yet it doesn't release anyone that comes in."

"...I sometimes think it's wrong, but it's not something I can change.
 It's not like it's cursed, but it's just that I like how it is. I was chosen as the successor probably because of my personality. But it was pretty shocking when I realized it."

"Hm. Is that when you realized that you're a bully?"
"......You're not one to mince words, huh?"
"Really? I thought I was being indirect, just like you."
"...Geez. I'm telling you that's direct."

She sighs and hangs her head.
Her sigh is white and slowly melts into the cold night.

...Seeing her face makes me remember...
The red school.
Tohsaka didn't say anything when she saw the unconscious students.
In spite of her shaking knees, she bit her lip and acted firm as usual.

...I realized at that time.
That she might be killing her true self by acting like a perfect magus.

"Was it hard for you, Tohsaka?"
I get uneasy, so I ask.

"You mean the training? Sorry, but I never thought it was hard. I was able to do most things without a problem, and I was never discouraged because I couldn't do something.
 And it was fun for me to learn new things. I told you, right? I was born with this personality. So there's no need for you to worry."

She simply says so.
There's no bluff nor lie in her statement, and Tohsaka is smiling.

"I see. Then what about school? If you're going to live as a magus, isn't it meaningless to go to school?"

"It's not meaningless, but it is straying away from my path.
 But it's not pointless. Being a student is fun. I'm up for anything fun. It's a duty to succeed my dad, but I wouldn't do it if it wasn't fun.
 I became a Master because I wanted to test my powers, and I'm cooperating with you because you're funny."


Ignoring the comment that I'm funny, my worries disappear.

A family of magi.
I thought Tohsaka was carrying a dark shadow because she's bound by a heavy history and bloodline.
But that was just my prejudice.
The "Tohsaka family" is not a burden on her, and she's done what she wanted up to now.

"I see. I'm glad you're having fun."
"Thanks. So, I'm sure you were having fun too if you're saying that, right? You wouldn't be able to continue training unless that's the case."
Tohsaka says so as if it's natural.
But...
"Hm"
I can't nod back.

"...Hey. why are you silent? Your dad didn't force you, right? But you continued training in spite of that, so that must mean it was fun."

"Uh, well"
I don't think I ever considered it fun.
For Emiya Shirou, magic has always been a life-threatening trial.

I know I don't have the aptitude.
But I clung on to it, wanting to be like Kiritsugu.

For my first year, I trained all the time except for sleeping and eating.
I honed my sensitivity, facing death every night.
I just repeated it for eight years.
I didn't think it was tough, but I didn't think it was fun.

"...Wait. Answer me, Emiya-kun.
 I might have severely misunderstood you."
Tohsaka glares at me seriously.

"......"
...Crap.
I have to answer her if she makes a face like that.

"Yeah. I never thought training in magic was fun. I never considered magic or training to be fun. But I was glad to have people around me be happy. Um, I thought I could be of help to someone if I studied magic."


"I wanted to be a superhero like Kiritsugu. I learned magic for that reason. ...Well, that's my reason."

"Then what? You didn't learn magic for your own good?"
"Huh? ...Wait, isn't this for my sake? I'm glad to be of help to someone."

"Hey now. You may be glad, but you're not having fun!
 Look, I'm talking about what's fun for you. I'm asking you if there's anything you consider fun!"
Tohsaka roars out.


Even if she says so, I can't answer what I don't know.
I can't think of anything that's fun for me, and most of all
I'm not qualified to have such a wish.

"That makes me mad! In short, you're just caring for others and not caring for your own self!"
She suddenly stands up and points at me.

"Huh? Wait, Tohsaka, your finger...!"
Your finger, no, your nail is touching my nose!

"Shut up! Don't talk back to me! Geez, I always thought you two were alike, but I didn't think you guys were this similar!"
Rejecting my protest, Tohsaka closes in on me even more.

"Hold on. Calm down, Tohsaka. Why are you so mad?"
"I'm angry because you can't tell! Geez, why did nobody tell you!?"
She shakes her fist.


I'll have to stay silent for now.
I'll stay quiet until Tohsaka's anger goes away.

...So.
After venting for a while...
"Heh. Fine, I've decided.
 I'll make you admit defeat tomorrow."
She says so as if smacking me with a glove.

"...That's disturbing. Are we going to continue that fight?"
"That fight", of course, is when she chased me around the school.
I was cornered and had to surrender, but the match wasn't settled because of Rider's interruption.

"Yup. You better be ready. I'll smack you a good one."
Tohsaka psyches herself up before walking off into the living room.

"Hm."
I don't know what's going to happen.
So should I be ready for anything...?

Anyway, I have to take Tohsaka home.
It's almost ten o'clock.
I don't know what Fuji-Nee will say if I keep a girl at my place for so long.

"Huh? What did you say, Shirou?"
"I said I'm going to walk Tohsaka home. ...Where is she anyway? It's about time she left."

Fuji-Nee is watching me with blank amazement.
...That's weird.
Fuji-Nee should approve right away, but she doesn't seem to be in a hurry.

"Hmm. I think Tohsaka-san is in the outbuilding.
 She's a guest, so she has to have a proper guest room if she's staying over, right?"
"All right, the outbuildingwait, don't be ridiculous, Fuji-Nee. Did you just say something strange?"

"Geez, you're the one saying strange things, Shirou.
 You're going to let Tohsaka-san stay over because it's so late, right? Tohsaka-san just came and told me so."
"WhaTohsaka is staying over...!?"

"Yup. But you can't do anything strange, okay?
 I'll be sleeping in the Japanese-style room, so I'll go kill you in one blow if I hear a scream from the guest room."

Fuji-Nee munches on the rice cracker.
She seems normal, and it seems she thinks nothing of the emergency situation of having Tohsaka stay over.

"Damn her!"
It looks like Fuji-Nee has surrendered to Tohsaka.

"Oh, great timing. I'm going to borrow the guest room on the right."
Then.
The alien I bump into on my way to the outbuilding says so lightheartedly.

"Uhum."
Her appearance makes my head spin.
She's not in her uniform.
This person is in my hallway, saying something ridiculous.

"Oh, this? I'm going to stay over, so I had Archer bring me things. I don't need to borrow any pajamas."

"UhUh?"
"Are you all right? Go to bed early if you're tired. I won't forgive you if you sleep in tomorrow."
Waving goodbye, she goes down the hallway leading to the outbuilding.

In a daze, I watch her go and look at myself in the mirror.
"
"
My face is as red as an apple.
...Damn it.
What's she thinking, sleeping in the same house even if we're far away from each other?

"...I should take a bath again."
I'll pour cold water on myself and cool my burning face down.
...Um, I'll have to do so or I won't be able to concentrate on my training, having Tohsaka in my head
"It's morning..."
I slowly open my eyes.
The night that felt like it'd last forever has ended.

"......Good. The pain's gone."
I don't know if I could not bear the pain anymore or if the pain went away at some point.
Anyway, I feel no pain and I don't feel sleepy nor tired.
My head has cleared up, as I managed to get about three hours of sleep.

"All right. I'll go make breakfast."
I get up from the sweaty futon.
...Then.
As soon as I get up, my left foot slips.

"Huh?"
I touch my left foot thinking it's strange.
There's nothing wrong with it.
There's no pain nor blood, andI don't feel like I'm touching my leg.

"......Hm."
I don't feel anything on my left leg or my left arm.
I try pinching the left side of my chest and, again, feel nothing.

"......"
I guess my body hasn't fully healed yet, even though the pain went away.
The whole left side of my body is numb and it doesn't feel like it's my body. Um, I think something like this happens frequently

"It's like when I sleep in a wrong position in the shed. I'd use my arm as a pillow and blood wouldn't be flowing in it when I woke up."
Yeah, that.
This is like the numbing one gets from having the blood circulation to a limb cut off temporarily.

Well, it moves fine, so it should heal in time.
It reacts slowly and it feels like I'm moving it using a controller, but it shouldn't hinder my everyday life if I'm careful.

I refrain from using a knife this morning and make a simple breakfast consisting mainly of bread.
My dominant hand, the right hand, is good, so I can use the frying pan.
I cook some ham and eggs, instant clam chowder, and make breakfast for three.

"Itadakimasu."
"Itadakimasu."
The two bow and dig into the toast.

Saber eats the toast and salad like always, munching and nodding.
...Yeah.
It's interesting to see Saber using chopsticks, but Western food suits her more.


Saber's usually quiet.
It's not that she's untalkative, but it seems like she considers silence a virtue.
So this is how she is during meals.
It's easier for me to stay quiet during meals, so a meal like this is ideal for me.

"...Huh?"
Then, I realize why it's so quiet this morning.

In a word...

"Hey, morning! ...Oh? We're having French food this morning?"
...Fuji-Nee didn't stay over last night.

"Yup. I cooked French food this morning. So just be quiet and eat."
I give Fuji-Nee her mug.

"Hm? But this kind of smells like instant food, Shirou."
"It's just your imagination. Your nose isn't working too well since you just woke up."

"I see. You might be right. Oh, good morning to you too, Saber-chan. I'm sorry I couldn't come home last night."
Fuji-Nee gulps down the hot clam chowder like some kind of sports drink.
I bet there's some special coating on her throat.

"Good morning, Taiga. I did not see you yesterday. Was something wrong?"
"Hm? Yeah, I had to work... well, no. I'm just going around visiting people who are sick. But that ended yesterday, so I can relax again today."

She puts margarine on her bread while she's speaking.
It doesn't really matter, but Fuji-Nee doesn't use butter.
I can ask her why, but I don't want to since I'm sure I'll get a stupid response.

"......Hey, Fuji-Nee. How many students are in a serious condition out of the ones who went to the hospital?"
"No one's in a serious condition. They're all just staying at the hospital to be safe, and I hear they can all come back to school next week.
 It's all right, Shirou. Just relax, and don't worry about that incident."

Fuji-Nee bites into her toast.
She looks so carefree that looking at her makes me feel like I can trust her.

"I see. That's good."
"Yup, everything's all right. I'll be looking forward to dinner tonight."

She has a peaceful smile.
...Yeah. At times like this, she reminds me that Fuji-Nee is Fuji-Nee.

"Then I'll be going. Please take care of the house while I'm gone, Saber."
"Yes. That is fine, but... Shirou. I did not see anything made in the kitchen. Am I to go without lunch today...?"

"...? Oh, no. I can come home early today since it's Saturday. I'll be a bit late, but I'll be back by lunchtime to make lunch."

"I see. Shirou, it is troubling if you do not tell me about such matters. It seems you are pretty careless this morning. Your reactions are slow too. Do you have something that is worrying you?"

"Huh? No. My body's still heavy from yesterday, but this should get back to normal in no time."
The left side of my body is still numb, but it doesn't hurt, so there's no problem.
I can't tell Saber about such a thing and worry her.

"Well, you're right that it's my fault. Meals are your only hobby. I'll make a big lunch to show my apology, so let's call it even."
I wave goodbye and go to the door.

"Hm. I cannot agree with what you just said. It is only that I would not have energy in emergencies if I skip meals"
"Just forget about it. See ya, Saber!"

I leave Saber's complaints behind me.
"Whoathis is more tiring than I thought."

I touch my numb left leg.
It didn't happen when I was in the house, but I start feeling sick once I start walking.
Even though it doesn't affect my movements, it's a big mental burden to walk with a numb body.

"...No, I have to bear it. This is nothing compared to those two."
Even though she healed up, Saber got her throat cut and was smashed against a wall.
Tohsaka took that hammer-like blow to her chest.
It should be nothing for me, as I didn't actually take a hit.

"Well."
I step out with my numb left leg and start walking down the hill.
...I feel slightly nauseous.
I walk to school with ghost-like steps.

...Then.
School's over before I notice it.

It might be because of my body, but I don't have a sense of time.
I don't remember anything about the lectures, and I'm not too sure what I did either.

"Could this be bad?"
The left side of my body is still numb.
Even though I don't feel anything, having it numb for so long gets me worried.

"I don't feel it, but it seems like it's getting heavier."
...The nausea won't go away either. And, of course, Kuzuki wasn't at school.

"I'll go home. Saber's probably hungry."
I grab my bag to go home.
I think I've forgotten to do something, but I should remember once I go home and rest.

"Oh."
I remember when I walk up the hill with my numb left leg.

"I forgot to talk to Tohsaka."
I forgot about it since I had my hands full with my body, and since my head was spaced out.
Well, I'm sure nothing big happened since she didn't come see me.
Considering my condition, I can contact her once I get better.

"I'm home."
I announce myself loudly and head to the kitchen.

I put the food I bought in the refrigerator, wash my hands, and put on my apron.
I'll be making codfish pot tonight, so I'll use some meat for lunch.
I think about making teriyaki chicken and start getting ready.

"Are you home, Shirou?"
Saber must have heard me, as she comes in from the porch.

"Yeah, I'm sorry I'm late. You can rest while I cook. You must be hungry"
...Crap.
I dropped the dish in my hand since I was preoccupied with Saber.

"Shirou, the plate is broken."
"Yeah. That's the first time I've done something like that."
I'm surprised as well, so I respond stupidly.

"Sorry. I'll clean it up right away, so you can sit right there."
I pick up a piece.
"Huh?"
I drop it.

"It seems you are tired, Shirou.
 No, I will clean it up, so you go ahead and cook."

I guess trying to pick it up with my left hand was a mistake.
...Well, that's a good lesson.
My left hand is still numb, so I'll be really careful when using the kitchen knife.

"Shirou. Please do not push yourself. Please make something simple. I am glad that you are trying to do your best, but I do not want your blood in our meal."
Well, I don't want that either.
I'd be a failure as a cook.

"All right. Then I'll put effort into dinner and make a simple lunch. I'll still make what I was planning to, but I won't use any pumpkin or white radish. Is that all right?"
I take 200 grams of chicken, put it on the cutting board, and carefully ready my fork.
I have to make the main dish with care because of what I told Saber this morning.

"Yes. I will be looking forward to it, Shirou."
Saber replies, as if she can sense my enthusiasm.


I'm more enthusiastic now.
I'll poke some holes first with the fork and

"...Doorbell?"
"Shirou, it seems there is a visitor."
"I guess so. I'll go get it."
The lights go out.
It's midnight, right when the date changes. I concentrate on my training while looking up at the frozen moon.

"Trace, on."
I insert a new nerve into my spine.
I make a Magic Circuit within me, make magical energy, and understand the structure of the wooden sword in my hand.

"Basic structure, analyzed."
I put magical energy into it and "strengthen" the wooden sword.
I analyze the structure, alter it, and reinforce the matter.

"Composition, reinforce."
The usual process goes too smoothly.
...I don't know if it's because I became a Master, but I can now easily strengthen things which used to have a success rate in the .01 digits, and I can make a Magic Circuit in a flash.

"......"
...No, it's not because I became a Master.
I'm only copying it.

His swords.
I'm only imitating that knight in red that I saw at the Ryudou Temple.
I'm imitating his twin swords, his sword technique, and now even his breathing.

"...This is a fake. This isn't what's mine."
I can't help but feel self-hatred.
Emiya Shirou's skills improve just by imitating him.
I know it's not my own power, but I have to rely on it.

It was because of his techniques that I was able to fight off those bone creatures at school, and it was because of his projected swords that I was able to fend off Kuzuki's attacks.
...Even now.
I know that I can reproduce those swords if I seriously follow the manufacturing process.

"...It's falsely similar to strengthening. I just have to put the start and the finish, separate it into exactly eight sections..."
Not trace on (sympathy start), but trace on (projection start).
...The words are still the same.
There's no need to change the spell if it still works on me.
First of all, I only know and can use one spell to change myself.


I put down the "strengthened" wooden sword.
...The left side of my body is still numb.
I was optimistic that it would heal if I rested today, but it wasn't that convenient.
If this is the compensation for magic above my level, duplicating Archer's twin swords, I might destroy myself if I "project" one more time.

"Phew."
I remove the nerve inside my spine.
My body is free of the poison called the Magic Circuit, and tension escapes my body.
Then...
"Shirou? Are you not able to sleep?"
Saber quietly comes inside.

"No, that's not it. This is my daily routine, so don't worry about it."
I must be relaxed, done with my daily routine.
My voice is surprisingly gentle.

"It was lively today."
"Yeah. Even though they're different, it was like having two Fuji-Nees here."
I answer her smile with a smile.
Saber agrees and sits next to me.

"But you are training magic tonight as well? You do not change your routine no matter what happens."
"Huh...? Yeah, it was my father's teaching to do it without a day's rest. Well, that's all he taught me, though."

"That is it...? Then he has not taught you the magus's way, or his knowledge?"

"Nope. First of all, the one doing the teaching wasn't like a magus.
 He was a troublesome adult. He was usually spaced out and clumsy. He said he's going to enjoy what he likes, and he would play around like a child.
 You usually couldn't believe him when he called himself a sorcerer."

I can tell that I'm smiling as I tell the story.
About my past.
The five years between the time of the fire and Kiritsugu's death.
Come to think of it, that might have been the best time of my life.

"I see. So you liked him for who he was."

"...Yeah. Tohsaka might get angry if she hears it, but I admired him. He was free and not like a magus at all, but he was a true sorcerer to me.
 And, well. I couldn't leave him be because he was more immature than I was."

"Yes, I understand how you feel. I had a magus of my own, but that one was immature as well."
"That one...? Wow, it's rare for you to address somebody like that."

"He is an exception. He was an ancient man. I respected him and loved him. But at the same time, he was the cause of every trouble. It would have been a better age if he were not as mischievous."

"...Wow. That's some way to put it. He sounds like a real bad guy."

"He was. Worse still, he was weak against love affairs, or should I say full of love? Well, that led to the downfall that caused him to be confined. But knowing that old man, I am sure he is still casually talking about love."
Is she stunned or smiling?
Saber talks about her past and swallows her words a bit.

And after a brief silence.
"Shirou. What is going on with the left side of your body?"
She questions me with straight eyes about what I didn't want her to know.

"...What? You knew, Saber?"
"Anyone will notice if you break that many plates.
 So, how is it? From what I see, it seems the trouble is only in half your body."

"Well, it's not as bad as a trouble. It's just numb."
I explain to her how it felt weird from this morning, how it's not affecting my movements, and how it's probably the feedback from last night's projection magic.

"......"
Saber looks at me with uneasy eyes.
When I try to smile back to her, telling her it's all right...

"Most of your body is numb, huh? Well, it is natural."
The knight in red is standing at the door.

"Archer...!"
Saber jumps up as if to protect me.
...To her, he's an enemy that assaulted me.


...And he's an enemy to me as well.
'Drown in your ideals and die.'
Those words he said before he slashed me would not get out of my head

"What do you want, Archer? We should have a pact not to attack one another.  Leave right away if you are to follow your Master's order."

Archer does not answer, but takes another step.

"Stop! You had better be prepared if you are to take another step."
Saber's enmity turns into an intent to kill.

"...No, hold on, Saber. He's not willing to fight.
 And we can't fight here."
"Hm... That is true, but..."

"It's fine. So, what do you want, Archer?
 Knowing you, you didn't come here just to say hello, right?"
I push Saber aside and confront Archer.

...!
I still don't like him.
Our mentalities are different, but more than that, I just can't deal with him. I feel a chill running up my spine the instant I see him.
I bet he falls under the category of natural enemy.

"Hey. Get out if you have no business."
"......Heh. I heard you did projection, but it really is true, huh? Half your body is numb and your actions are misplaced about seven centimeters inside of you, right?"


I gasp.
Archer's comment is so accurate that it's scary.

"Let me see your body. I might be of some help."
Archer reaches out.

"......!"
"No, stop, Saber. ...I have to show you my body, right?"
I take my top off and show him my back.


Archer silently places his hand on my back.
"!"
I feel a small pain.
SensationI feel heat on the numb left side of my body as if needles are picking at it.

"...How fortunate for you. I thought it was necrosis, but you only opened up what was closed. This should heal within a few days."
"...Something closed opened up?"

"Yes. It seems you have misunderstood, but a Magic Circuit is not something you make each time, but something you reveal. Once you make it, it is something you reveal on the surface or not.
 ...You did not know this, so a circuit that should have been used was neglected and sleeping inside of you.
 It is something your master or Rin would not think of. A legitimate magus would never imagine a heretic whose nerves are his Magic Circuit."

"Your numbness is temporary. It is the result of full magical energy flowing into a circuit you have not used before, and it is only 'surprised' right now.
 But now, a wind has gone through the neglected section. The nerve will eventually recall its normal function, and the dormant circuit is now activated."

"!"
The needles poke my back again.
I feel a definite thumping from my numb body.

"...That should do. You should be a better magus when your body heals. At any rate, you're too greedy if you try to make my swords the first time."
Archer lets go.

"...Then there is nothing abnormal with Shirou's body?"
"It was abnormal up to now. ...No, it is normal for humans to keep such abnormalities asleep inside them. In that regard, Emiya Shirou is already abnormalbut oh well.
 Anyway, don't even think about using magic tomorrow. Numbness will be the least of your worries if you burn out the healing nerves."

"You are knowledgeable, Archer."
"I had a similar experience. I had one of my arms taken away when I did it for the first time. That is what it means to learn a new magic."

He turns and tries to leave.
"Hold on."
I stop him.
I want to know why he helped me now, after trying to kill me before.

"What? Are you going to ask Saber to fight me?"
"I won't do such a thing. I just want to ask you about what you said before."

Drown in your ideals and die.
The meaning of it.
The uneasiness in my brain won't go away unless I hear it out from him.

"It is just as it sounds. There is nothing to explain."
There's no hesitation.
Archer declares seriously.
"!"
That...
...Pisses me off so much that my whole vision turns white.

"Then what...!?
 You claim not to have any ideals, so what are you fighting for?
 Servants have an objective, right? Then what's the reason you fight? If you don't have an ideal, what are you fighting for?"

"It is simple. I fight for myself.
 Boring ways of the world, justice, ideal...
 Such vague reasons are meaningless. I fight to fulfill my own desires. There is no other reason."

"Yourselfjust for your own self?"
"Yes. Do as you wish if your desire is an ideal 'not to hurt anybody'. If you want to save others so much, go ahead.
 Butonly if it is truly your own desire."

"What?"
My mind freezes.
What... did... he just say?

"If you are fighting out of your own will, the resulting crime and punishment are all yours. The ideal requires that you be burdened with them..
 But if it is a borrowed intention, the ideal you speak of is only a fantasy."

          In a word, it is a fake.

"You need a reason to fight. But it cannot be an ideal. If you fight for ideals, the only thing you can save are ideals.
 There is no way you can save people."

I can't talk.
I can't think of any objections.
Archer's words pierce my heart like arrows.
But it goes the same for Saber as well.

"The reason why one fights is a desire to try to save something.
 At the very least, that is the case for you, Emiya Shirou. Isn't that right?"


"But salvation brought on by others is not a salvation. The only thing that saves a person is their own will and actions.
 A salvation brought on by others is like money.
 Once it is used, it will only go on to someone else."


...I can't speak.
Something...
I have to say he's wrong, so why...?

"That is why your ideal is meaningless.
 You can certainly fulfill your wish to 'save someone'. But a wish for you to save yourself does not exist.
 You will embrace a borrowed ideal that is not yours, and you will probably pursue it until you die."

            No, that's...

"That's all I wanted to say.
 There is nothing at the end of helping people. It is a false life that can save neither yourself nor others."

He turns his red back to us and leaves.


...I can't think of anything to say.

The darkness falls.
We cannot look at one another and just stare at the back of the guy who's no longer there

What did I wish for, and why?

There were people that were not saved, and there was me, who could not save them.
That should be the reason.
What happened after that, and what did I want to become?

...I remember the gray sky.
A dark sky on the verge of crying.
There, my will to fight for survival almost disappears.
One only dies when the will fades away.
Leaving behind many people, I survived a few minutes longer than everyone.

In the process, lots of things died.
That's why it was almost empty.
If the wish to stay alive dies, everything disappears.
If you have nothing, all that remains is to die.

And I died.
Thinking got difficult and I closed my eyesand right before everything turned black, my outstretched hand was grabbed by someone.

That was everything.
Everything disappeared.
There was nothing, so I only had that one thing.
I admired it severely since I could not do it.

...That's right.
I hoped to be of help to many people in place of all those I could not save.
But...
He said it is all false.

A borrowed ideal.
Salvation like a coin, passed from hand to hand.
A thankless end.



What did I want to become, and why?

       'I wanted to be a superhero.'

It's not me that said that, but

"!"
I wake up.
The light flowing in is bright, telling me it's sunny today, unlike yesterday.

"Damn. But I still have a headache."
I don't know if it's because of what happened last night, but I don't feel good at my awakening.
I must have had a bad nightmare, as my temples are throbbing in pain.
"Man... I'll go wash my face."

"Wow, it's really sunny."
Even though it's still six-thirty, the sky is clear blue.
It's warm for winter and the snow is all gone.

My sleepiness goes away once I wash my face and brush my teeth.
"Oh yeah. It's Sunday, so I don't have to go wake Fuji-Nee up."
I can prepare breakfast later than usual, and we can eat slowly as well.

There's no one in the living room.
"...So I'm the first one, huh? I can understand Fuji-Nee and Saber, but it's unexpected that Tohsaka is still sleeping."

Well, I'll prepare breakfast.
Even though it's Sunday, there are four people this morning.
I should start preparing

"Huh? There's no bread."
I bought a loaf yesterday, but it's gone along with the bag.

"Should I take it as sincerity that there are three 100-yen coins in its place?"
...I've never encountered such a crime.
The first suspect, Fuji-Nee, wouldn't do such an elaborate thing.
Then there's only one other culprit...

Well, what should I do?
I don't really care about the bread, but there is one extra person that'll be eating this morning.
"...It's before seven. I bet the tofu shop will be open."
"I'll make eggs and miso soup for breakfast. I don't want them to spoil."
The problem at hand is how to deal with the intruder that attacked the kitchen last night.

"Tohsaka. Are you awake, Tohsaka?"
There's no reply even after knocking on the guest room door.
It's almost seven.
Leaving Fuji-Nee aside for the moment, it should be impossible for Tohsaka, an honor student, not to be up at this time.

"Tohsaka. Tohsaka. Tohsaka!"
...That's strange.
There's no reply, so is she gone?

"...That's a bit weird."
...I get a bit worried.
It's not like she went out by herself and never returned, right?

"......Hm."
I'll
...Well, I know who the culprit is.
As the one in charge of cooking, I can't allow myself to waste precious time questioning her.
"Yeah. I should go buy some tofu if I have such time."
I'm overwhelmed by the crowd the instant I step out of the bus.
The station is filled with people.
It's a sunny Sunday morning, so it'd be stranger for it not to be crowded here.

"I am surprised. So many people gather here on Sunday."
Saber looks at the town in wonder.
Her reaction is to be expected, since she has never seen the town in daylight.

"......"
I'm also stunned by the crowd.
"Well, where should we go? Do either of you have any requests?"
But.
Unlike us, Tohsaka is full of energy.

"Uh... That's troubling. I don't know any fun places."
"I thought so. How about Saber? Do you have anywhere you want to go?"

"Me...? No, I do not have any particular place I am interested in. First of all, I am Shirou's guard.
 If this is a holiday for you two, please treat me as if I am not here."

"Wha-"
"Really? Then I can go wherever I want?
 Ohh. If you don't have any requests, does that mean you guys will give me absolute obedience to whatever proposal I make?"

"Wha, wha, wha-"
I feel a chill.
Tohsaka's eyes are scary.

"H-Hold on, don't say it in a scary way!
 First of all, I said I'd come with you, but I didn't say I'd go on a d-date with you. This is just to relax with the three of us"

"Too bad, this is what you call a date in society.
 Come on, give up already. Girls will hate you if you're so persistent."

"Whalike who?"
"Who could it be? Well, I guess being stubborn may be a strong point. Right, Saber?"

"Yes, Shirou hates losing. His persistent mind is reassuring during battles."
"See. Isn't it good, Shirou?"

"Kuh"
Tohsaka smiles.
Man, what's so fun about making fun of me!?

"Well, let's go to Verde first of all. You two haven't eaten breakfast yet, right? We'll go window-shopping after a quick cup of tea to warm ourselves up."

Tohsaka starts walking.
I think Verde is the name of the new department store that opened up.

"Hey, I'll leave you if you're slow. The breakfast menu only goes on till ten o'clock, so we have to hurry."

"Wai"
She doesn't stop even if I stop her.
It seems Tohsaka will not even give me time to calm down.

"Shirou. Rin is walking away."
"Kuhgeez, fine! I'll go anywhere now!"
I slap myself on the cheeks and summon up some resolve.

"Let's go, Saber! Don't get lost!"
"Yes. Please do not lose sight of Rin."

We run together.
Tohsaka doesn't even turn around in the crowded town.
It seems she's absolutely certain that we'll follow her.

So.
Before I know it, it's already past noon.

To be honest, I was just nervous for the first hour.
Everyone's paying attention to us wherever we go: bowling alley, cafe, shops...

Tohsaka stands out by herself.
Her vivid eye-catching red clothes and her long black hair.
Her colors would stand out on their own, but Tohsaka herself is beautiful.
It's natural for her to draw attention.

And Saber is standing next to her, so it doesn't even need to be said how gorgeous they look together.

But I wasn't nervous because of all the attention.
I realized that we were getting attention after my nervousness went away.
In short, I was just nervous about the fact that I'm on a date with Tohsaka.

I wasn't prepared at all, and I felt like I was in hell when we were in the cafe.
I can fight alongside her as a Master, but just the word "date" makes my heart jump.
We got so close that normal things have become difficult for me.


I thought the day would end like this.
I don't know what Tohsaka intended, but I was sure that I would go around town nervously until the day ended.

...That's why I thought it'd be better for us to go home quickly to have a strategy meeting.
So.
What kind of magic was cast to make it turn out like this?

"Wow, I laughed my heart out. You showed me some great stuff."
Tohsaka laughs while walking in the park.

"Really? I cannot tell. Shirou did not look like himself back then."

"That's what's good about it. I didn't think he would look so much like a rich nerdy kid just by putting glasses on. You should've bought that, Shirou."
Tohsaka must have loved it as she's still laughing.

...It all happened about ten minutes ago.
I don't know what she was thinking, but Tohsaka took us to a glasses store and played around by getting Saber to try on glasses.

I got involved as well, and one of the glasses just got her laughing.
It was a pair of thick formal glasses that she made me put on.

"...Man, forget about it already. Look, I'm never going to wear glasses ever again. I have a young-looking face, so I won't allow myself to look any younger."

"Huh? Oh, so you were self-conscious, huh? But I don't think it's a problem. I don't have an issue with the way you are now."

"There is a problem with the way I am now! I can't help it about my face, but I need more height!"
"Oh. I think you have an average height, Emiya-kun."
"It's not average. And I'll be better able to brace myself if I'm taller, right? I need at least Issei's height."

"You don't have to worry. You'll still grow."
"...I'm glad to hear that, but what's the reasoning behind that?"

"Huh? Um, well... you have a firm build, so you'll grow if you get the right nutrition, right? I thought you'd grow if you used photosynthesis."
"What plant are you talking about? Don't treat me like some kind of a flower."

"Oh. Are you mad...?"
"No. I'll ignore it. ...Well, I guess I can look forward to it if you say so."

"Yeah. I can't make any promises about your height, but you'll be a great guy. You have my guarantee on that, Shirou."
"Wha"
W-Why does she have to say such an embarrassing thing!?

"Hah, you're so embarrassed. I like you since your emotions show up on your face."
"!"
S-She's playing around with me.
She's definitely playing around with me.

"Guh, you evil woman! Is it fun to tease a guy your own age!?"

"Of course. It would depend on who, but your reactions are great."
......God.
Please show her your wrath with divine punishment.
Not just for my sake, but for the sake of all the guys at my school.

"Oh, let's stop playing around with Shirou and get on with the date. Do you want to let some stress out before lunch?"
She fists her hand and swings it.

"...Could it be...?"
I'm sure of it. She's making "that" gesture.
But would a girl come out and say she wants to go to such a place...?

"It's a batting cage, of course. Don't tell me you don't know it."
The (former) school idol asks me seriously.

"Of course I know!
 What I want to say is that batting cages aren't for girls"
Saying that, I imagine Tohsaka going into the batter's box.

"............"
...Crap. It does look strange, but why does she seem so reliable?

"What, do you want to go to an aquarium instead? I think they had penguin army versus the giant seal, the flaming freezing match, but it's a third rate attraction."


I think it's second-rate, but I don't know about going to an aquarium when it's so sunny out.

"Rin. What is this batting you are talking about?"
"Huh? Well, it's something you should be good at. It's an integration of all your physique, considered to be training in some cases."
Wow.
Tohsaka's putting it in a ridiculous way.

"Hm. I cannot ignore that."
"Yeah, you should try it since it feels so good. I bet you'll be able to win all the prizes there."
She agitates Saber irresponsibly and starts walking again.

"Sigh."
I watch her, then run after her since it can't be helped.
There's no point arguing against Tohsaka's energy.
I can't stop her, and I also kind of like being pulled around like this.

So that's what it means.
My nervousness went away because it's fun.
I was taken to many places without rest, and my anxiety was gone before I knew it.
Tohsaka urges me to go to the next place, I respond reluctantly, and Saber quietly watches over us.

...It was really fun.
The town I only used to walk by...
I didn't know all the things I didn't involve myself in were so meaningful.


As soon as I think so, something like a cage falls on me, and I understand.
I don't deserve this.
I'm unworthy of all this.
It tells me so from deep down within me.

I-I'm tired.
I never expected to play five games, with thirty balls each game, for a total of 150 swings.
It's all because...

"W-What is it, Shirou? It is troubling if you look at me like that."
...She hated losing.

"That was a miscalculation... I didn't think Saber would be so concerned about winning."
Tohsaka sighs next to me.
She also...

"Oh, I'll only play one game. My hands will get rough if I swing the bat too much."
...Said something like that, but ended up playing another game with Saber, and ended up complaining afterwards about how her shoulders and hands were tired.

"What are you saying? You only played twice. I played five times. And with the fastest speed too!
 ...Man. Saber would get mad if I went easy and sulk if I beat her too bad. It was a hellish hour."

"I-I did not sulk! I was only filled with spirit. First of all, this is nothing compared to the fights in the dojo. It is your fault for getting that tired."

"I get it. Saber's one that gets mad when she gets beaten in games, huh?"
I sigh and wobble on.

So here's what I found out today. One, do not gamble with Saber.
Two, a rule where the winner is the one to have ten more hits than the opponent can end up in an infinite hell if the ones playing are at about the same level.
And lastly, Saber is physically weaker than us if she does not use her magical energy.

...Or rather, is Tohsaka the strange one for hitting back 120kmph balls like nothing?
It's natural since Saber is the smallest one out of all of us, but I guess Tohsaka is rather strong for a girl.

"How rude. Batting doesn't equal strength.
 Even a girl can hit if the swing speed and the angles are right."

"Well, that's for one or two pitches. The problem is after that. Your arm would usually cramp up. Do you do push-ups or something before you go to bed? That's the only reason I can think of."
My voice is heavy with sarcasm.
But.

"...I-I do. What? Is that bad?"
"Uh, no. ...Nice."
She replies like that, so I'm the one that gets beat.

"L-Let's have lunch. It's past two already. I'm starting to get dizzy since I haven't eaten."
A family restaurant by the bridge should be a good place around here.
There are lots of choices on the menu, so I'm sure Saber won't complain.

"Is that fine with you, Tohsaka? It's not like you had a plan on where to go eat, right?"
I call out to Tohsaka.

"I-I do have a plan. I have it all planned out."
"Oh, okay. So where is this place you want to go to?"

"......Here."
"Huh? What do you mean by that?"
"I mean here. It's so sunny out, so we're gonna eat here in the park."

...I look around.
I don't see any cafe, nor even a hotdog stand.

"Tohsaka. Don't tell me you're going to get delivery or something."
"...Hey now. What do you think is in that tote bag you've been carrying all this time?"
"Huh?"

Oh.
Come to think of it, she did hand me a bag to carry this morning.

"...Hm. This kind of smells like mustard. So this must be..."
"It's lunch, of course. Didn't I tell you that I prepared some?"

She glares at me.
...I think she did say something like that.

"Wow, I'm surprised. I didn't think you would put so much effort into this."

"Of course I would. I invited you, so I prepared accordingly."

"Oh, the mystery's solved now. You used the bread for this, huh?
 I thought you ate it because you got hungry at night. It sounds like too much to eat a whole loaf, but I thought it might be possible in your case."

Wow, everything's solved now.
There are no more worries on my chest now.
"Oh."
When I look back up, Tohsaka is making a scary face.

"Emiya-kun?"
"Y-Yes? What is it, Tohsaka?"

"Can you stop talking and start preparing for lunch? Everything's in that tote bag. Oh, and I'll kill you if you're too slow."
"Ohyes, I'll do my best."

I quickly make a space on the grass.
...Man, that was scary.
It's bad for my heart to have her say something that doesn't sound like a joke with that big smile...

So.
Lunch starts two hours late.

"Oh, what's wrong, Shirou? Why are you spaced out?
 ...Oh, do you hate spicy food?"
She's right next to me.
Tohsaka says so from a close distance.
"Ehno, it's fine. It's really strong, but this is good."
I say so and take another bite.

"Really? That's good. It's a talent to be able to make a bad sandwich, right? I thought for a second I got that useless talent."
Tohsaka laughs.


If I looked spaced out, it's probably because she's dazzling to my eyes.

We're eating lunch on the grass under the clear blue sky.
This is peaceful enough, but it's too much once Tohsaka's added to the picture, and my nervousness is returning.

"Oh, you have a piece of tomato on your lip. Should I get it off for you?"
"Bu...! W-W-W-W-W-What are you saying!? I can do it myself!"
I wipe my mouth with my sleeve.

"Oh."
...Crap.
I got a red stain on my sleeve now.

"Geez, I guess I played around too much. I'm sorry, it was too funny because you gave me the exact reaction I wanted."

Tohsaka hands me a napkin. I don't know if she's laughing or apologizing.

"Heh. I don't care. It's been like this all day today."
I take the napkin and wipe my sleeve with it.
The red stain isn't coming out.
...Hm. Looks like Tohsaka's using some original sauce.
The stain is in there and doesn't look like it'll come out easily.

"But just you watch. I'm going to learn from today's experience and be less perturbed starting tomorrow. Don't think it'll go your way forever."

"Oh. Does that mean I don't have to hold back starting tomorrow?
 That's good. I was getting bored with putting a mask on."
The red devil smiles back.

"...Uh, I take that back. It'll take some time, so it'll help me if you keep it as it is now."

"Really? If you say so. But tell me when you want me to go to the next level, okay? I'll knock you out without reservation."

"Damn. I'll get you someday."
I'm not making excuses, but it sounds like an excuse.
...It's somehow really vexing, so I decide to take it out on the sandwich in front of me.

I eat the sandwiches.
I was hungry and it's Tohsaka's handmade meal, so I'm going to eat all of it myself.
...Well, actually, Saber already ate about a third of it.

So Saber and I munch down the sandwiches.
Tohsaka must be full, as she just stares at us.

"Your body seems to be doing well. I guess I don't have to hold back in the afternoon."

She makes an evil smile again.
It's that smile.
She's more looking forward to seeing me worn out then what she's actually going to do.

"Heh, don't take me too lightly. I won't be exhausted just by having you pull me around. With yesterday aside, I've been doing well all day today."

"I see. Then I guess you're all right."
Tohsaka sighs with relief and reaches out for a sandwich.
It's as if she's saying her burden's gone now.

"......?"
The moment I wonder why she said that...
"Oh."
Everything fits together.


Come to think of it, it was really unnatural.
The reason Tohsaka came to my house...
Archer knew about my body.
He must have heard that I projected his swords and knew that there's something wrong with my body.

That's fine.
But Archer, the one who wasn't there at that time, knew about the projection because Tohsaka told him about it.
Then.
As Tohsaka told Archer about our battle against Caster, wouldn't Archer tell Tohsaka about the penalty on my body?

"Tohsaka."
"Uh, what?"
"Why did you come to my house yesterday? And it's strange for you to stay over. I didn't notice all this yesterday because of Fuji-Nee."


A brief moment.
But I hear Tohsaka gasp.

"I don't have a reason. It was just a whim. I thought that it might be fun once in a while."
"I see. It was certainly fun last night."
"Right?"
"Yeah. But thank you."

"!"
Wow.
She turned red in an instant.

"W-W-W-W-What are you thinking...!? I-I wasn't concerned about you!"
"I know, it's not good to have your ally die. That's why you came to check up on me, right?"

"Uh... T-That's right. You're pretty smart."
"Yeah. But I'm still thankful.
 I don't know what your intentions were, but I'm sure you cared for me."

"......"
She groans in dissatisfaction.
Her gesture's so cute that it makes me smile.

"I see, I get it."
I kind of understand now how Tohsaka feels.
It feels really great embarrassing someone you like.

The weather changes once we finish lunch.
The sky is filled with clouds, and it looks like it could start raining any moment now.

"...I guess it can't be helped. We don't have any umbrellas, so let's go home."
There's no objection.
It's Tohsaka who started this, so it's her duty to finish it as well.

I nod.
I mentally apologize to Tohsaka, who is staring at me, and obey Caster.

"
!"
Saber looks away at my choice.

"......"
Tohsaka doesn't say anything.
We promised to beat Caster together, but she doesn't yell at me and just bites her lip.

"That's a smart decision, boy. That is what I expect from a Master chosen by the Holy Grail. This is a battle you have no chance of winning. It is best for you to obey me."

...Caster raises her arm.
The fingers that were grabbing Fuji-Nee's neck go for my heart.

"Hold on. Promise me one thing before you do as you wish."
"......Fine. It doesn't seem like you understand your position, but I will listen. What compensation do you want, boy?"

"...It's Tohsaka. You sound like you want to kill Tohsaka. Promise me you will not lay a hand on her until she gets home."
"Shirou."

Caster doesn't answer.
The purple-robed figure stares at me without moving, and...

"Fuhfufu, ahahahahahahahaha!
 I was wondering what you would say, but you obeyed me for such a thing!? That is wonderful, boy! How many years has it been since I laughed so hard...!?"

"...What's so funny, Caster?
 It's a stupid condition all right, but you have no right to laugh at Shirou."

"Yes, you're right, little lady. You are the only one that can laugh at him. That is why this condition is acceptable.
 All right. I was going to kill her here, but I shall make an exception and let her live. It is a wish of my ally. It is sad if I don't grant it."

The magus laughs.
Glaring at her, Tohsaka slowly retreats.

"Tohsaka."
"Goodbye. It was going to end up like this anyway. We'll be enemies next time we meet, Emiya-kun."
...I hear her leaving footsteps
Before they disappear...

"Wellthe farce ends here, boy."
...The magus's finger cuts out my mind.

...I'm in a deep darkness.
I don't know how many hours have passed.
I'm trying to count to keep track of time, but I can't think of any number above ten.
...Everything is vague.
I don't feel my limbs, and it's calm as if I'm floating on water.
Algae must have filled up my skull, and I want to laugh at this darkness.
"......"
Saber looks away every time I see her.
I think we obtained the Holy Grail quite some time ago.
But she doesn't seem happy at all, and she repeats "I am sorry" every time I see her.
"How do you feel, Shirou? We obtained the Holy Grail thanks to you. Tell me if there's anything you want. I can create anything for you, even if it is Saber or that girl."
...Something I want, something I want...
Nothing comes to mind. I've never wanted anything, and even if I did want something, it does me no good now.
If anything, I want a colder place.
A deep darkness that will freeze the algae in my skull and make me want to start dancing.
"Long time no see, Emiya-kun. I finally found you."
I hear a familiar voice.

"Caster was right. You were turned into that to let me go. So I'm the only one who can laugh at you."

I try to raise my hand to greet her, but I can't find my hand.
I recall an embryo in a test tube.
I'm floating in water.
I don't feel my limbs.

"I'll laugh it off.
         The bad dream ends here, Shirou."

Oh, the water's flowing out.
My floating body rolls on the ground.
A warm darkness that washes out the algae in my skull and makes me want to go crazy...
I'm curious as to why there's no reply, but Tohsaka might be one of those rare people who sleep with earplugs on.
...Well, knowing her, she might be sleeping because she stayed up late last night for unknown reasons. I guess I can let her be.

"Yeah..... First of all, you can't go into a girl's room without permission, you idiot."

I scratch my head and walk away from the forbidden door.
...That was meaningless.
It's not too late, so I'll go to the shopping district and buy some tofu.
I head to the tofu shop under the clear blue sky.
I buy three tofu with the 300 yen that was on the table.
"Oh, Shirou-kun. Great for you to come even on a Sunday!"
I go home drinking the soy milk I got as a service from the tofu shop owner.

"Yeah, this is great."
This is perfect.
This is a perfect morning with nothing to complain about.

"...But I feel like I'm at a loss..."
I tilt my head in wonder and look up at the sky.
A big serving of tofu and a 60-yen soy milk.
I don't think good things like this happen that often.

I slowly walked back and pondered what to do with the tofu for about twenty minutes.
It's eight-thirty already.

"Good morning, Shirou. You are at ease this morning."

"Hm? Oh, morning, Saber. I can relax since it's Sunday and there's no school today. I feel good, so let's go to the dojo after breakfast."
"Yes, that will be great. So your numbness has healed?"

"Oh, you're right.
 I was able to walk from the shopping district without a problem, so I guess it's pretty much healed. ...It's a bit heavy, but it should be fully healed by tomorrow."

"That is good. I cannot be at ease if my Master is wounded. I can relax if I see you in the kitchen like always."

Saber takes a seat in her usual position beside the table.
Fuji-Nee and Tohsaka are sleeping, but since it's Sunday, I should let them sleep in until breakfast's ready.

"Good morning, Rin. It seems you were able to sleep well last night."
Oh.
It seems Tohsaka's awake.

"...Morning. It wasn't really like that. The light was bright and there were people moving about even past midnight."
...Tohsaka answers Saber as she goes into the living room.

Well.
I don't want to complain so early in the morning, but I have to know why she took all of the bread.

"Good morning, Tohsaka. So, about"
My breath stops.
Tohsaka is wearing something unfamiliar again.

"Ahum..."
My heart starts beating rapidly.
...It's because of the red clothes.
It hurts my eyes so much that everything I wanted to say escapes my mind.

"I'm cooking breakfast. Have some tea while you're waiting."
I put the cups in front of Saber and Tohsaka.
But.

"Why are you so slow? We're going out today, so get ready quickly."
Tohsaka glares at me as if breakfast can come later.

"Huh? Um, where are we going?"
"To the neighboring town. I want to go somewhere far away, but we don't have such time, right? So it's a compromise."

"...?"
Is this some sort of new surprise attack?
I don't get what Tohsaka wants.

"Okay. I get it, but why are we going there?"
"We're going to go have fun, of course. It's a date."

"Datewho and who?"
"Shirou and I."
She declares naturally.
"?"
After tilting my head in wonder...

"D-DATE, ME AND TOHSAKAAAA!?"
"Who else is there? I told you last night, right?"

Hold on.
It's so sudden that my mind hasn't caught up yet...!!

"Come on, let's go. I knew this was likely to happen, so I made some lunch. Here, follow me and carry this tote bag."
She hands me a green tote bag and leaves the living room.


I stare after her, dumbfounded.
"Shirou...? Should you not follow her?"
"Ohhold on, Tohsaka!"
I quickly start running.
I hear another set of footsteps.
It seems Saber is following me.

"You're late. You have some nerve, making a girl wait."
I'm not that carefree at all.
She doesn't hear me out and it seems determined that we're going on a date.

"Wait, hold on...! Why are we going!?"
"Because I feel like it. You don't mind, right? We're not doing anything during daytime anyways. I won't let you run away now."

"I certainly don't mind, butyeah, what about Archer!? I bet he's against this!"

"I left Archer. I bet he's sleeping at my house right now."


I freeze.
...I can't beat her.
I can't talk Tohsaka down by myself.
If anyone can stop her, um

"That's right, Saber! What about Saber!?"
"Saber can come along as well."
Defeated.
All my cards are trumped in just one sentence.

"Have you accepted it now? Then let's hurry. We're going to forget we're Masters today and play our hearts out."
"Huhhold on, you idiot...!"
There's no time to be confused.
Tohsaka grabs my hand and runs out the door.

".........!"
...I guess I have to give up.
Tohsaka is so energetic that I don't think I can beat her, and I'm sure she'll defeat me in an argument even if I say something. And I don't know why, but Saber is following us without complaint.
...Well, that's good.
Um, see, it's really sunny today.
It is a quiet night.
The wind blowing on the mountain is gentle, and the rustling of the trees is as quiet as a whisper.
There are no birds singing about winter, nor are there beasts howling at the moon.
The only path leading to the Ryudou Temple...
The long stone steps preserve its peacefulness tonight as well.

But others do not know.
This place has withstood five battles already, each one was a great clash.
Many Servants challenged the Ryudou Temple.
Berserker, Lancer, Rider, Saber, Archer.
This mountain gate is able to enjoy the darkness thanks to the monster that has repelled all five enemies.

The longsword moves.
It is fortunate that the moon is not out.
The arc of the sword moving in a crescent-moon shape is so beautiful that the moon would be ashamed of itself if it saw it.

"Are you listening, Assassin? I told you that you will continue to guard the gate."
He ignores the magus in purple, Caster.
Assassin lowers his longsword and glances at the mountain forest without interest.
"Well, there was an intruder. I saw a strange bird, so I cut it. But it did not spill blood nor scream. Is this one of yours, Caster?"

"......! ...I see, this must have been a familiar spying on us. It must be Berserker's Master or that young lady. Either way, this place will not last long."
Caster walks to the forest and looks down at the "thing" on the ground.
It is the corpse of an owl.
It is a bird made from crystal. It is simple, but suited for spying, and must have been made by Archer's Master.

"...Heh, that lady is unlucky. I could have made her my student if she were less talented."
She steps on it.
The amethyst crystals are crushed to powder, scattering star-like dust.

"There are people like this, so I leave you in charge to protect my Master. I will disappear if my Master dies. If that happens, you cannot exist either.
 If you do not want to disappear, protect the gate and be prepared even for death."

"Wellit is hard to be prepared for death. I have never felt that I was 'alive'.
 Is it not meaningless to ask that of one such as I?"
"Stop your impudent talk.
 Do not misunderstand, Assassin. You are a Servant I summoned. A slave should act like a slave.
 If you cannot swear your loyalty, you can disappear right now."

Caster's words are filled with enmity and contempt.
For her, Assassin is only a tool.
It is annoying for a tool to talk, so it is natural for her to get mad when it starts to speak cynically.

"I see. Good heavens. My life is like a heat haze, but it is problematic if I disappear now. I have made a promise. If I can, I would like to fulfill this promise."
"Then hold your tongue. You only need to protect this place.
 If you're able to do so, I can make you real. A low-class like you without a Noble Phantasm can become a heroic spirit, so it should be worth risking your life, right?"

"You do not need to worry. I have belonged to the other world from the beginning. I will act out my role.
 But is it all right, Caster? I am not loyal to my master, but you are dishonest as well. Tonight's matter is a secret to your Master, right?"
At that instant, Assassin's body explodes.
A thumping sound.
The curse that was put into his body upon summoning has exploded.

The trees sway.
Assassin is flung into the forest, his chest pierced from within by his own ribs.
His figure is like a bloomed flower.

"Guhgeez. You are getting worse every day, Caster."
"Quiet. If I have to tell you one more time, I will eliminate you before waiting five days."
"...Geez. They say women and mean people are unmanageable, but you have gone too far."

The flashy Servant gets up.
This Servant does not lose his elegance even if he shows his ribs or if his body is covered in blood.

"Oh, do not glare at me like that. You are wasting your beautiful face, Caster. I know, everything is to be a secret from your Master, right? I will hide the fact that you caught Saber and that I am guarding this place.
 It is a moving story. I wish that your caring spirit would reach him."
"
Assassin, you..."

"I am just being a poor loser. I cannot attack you, so allow me to joke around like that.
 I will protect the gate. I will protect it no matter what.
 But where are you going? Do you not trust my protection?"

"Of course not. You're just insurance.
 But that's at an end as well. Once I have control of Saber, I don't have to use this rustic place as my temple."
"...Hm, so you will relocate? Then I am certainly not needed. Is there a sacred ground superior to this place?"
"Yes. It is inferior to this place, but there is a place suited for me. AndI will be going there in the near future anyways. There is no problem if I go now, right?"


Assassin's expression, which had been cool up to now, clouds up.
Caster smiles as if she's satisfied.

"Yes. Our victory is certain, so I'm going to go receive the prize ahead of time.
 A new territory and the Holy Grail. And I also have another piece called Saber. With all this, I am sure my uninterested Master would have no complaints with my policy."

That is true.
No matter how much Caster's Master, Kuzuki Souichirou, stays silent, he would be forced to fight if the conditions are set so perfectly.
But what is more certain is that...

"The boring war will end. There will be nothing to fear once I obtain the Holy Grail.
 ...Yes, nobody would be able to stop me!"

Loud laughter pollutes the night.
The magus in purple expresses her victory.
The knight with the longsword looks up at the sky.

The time is near.
No matter what the end may be, only five days remain.
Even though the remaining time will not likely be used up, the swordsman that has lived through hell feels that the match will not be settled easily.
"Ha, haa, haa"
And I fall.
I can't even breathe properly.
The wound on my shoulder is swelling up, and it hurts just to breathe.


I can't keep my consciousness.
I'll fall asleep if I let my guard down.
...No, first of all, I'm not too sure if I'm conscious or not.
I don't know how I got home from that rooftop nor why I came home.

...My thoughts become vague.
The only sure thing is my thumping heart.


...Tohsaka told me to not involve myself.
Because I'm powerless and I don't have a reason to fight anymore.


But that's wrong.
I knew more than anyone that I'm powerless.
My reason to fight is something different.

...I can't let it become just a scar.
Losing against others is inevitable.
I'm used to being beat up, and it's vexing, but I know I can't reach them no matter what I do.

But that's only when my enemy is someone else.
I can't lose against myself.
There's no element that would make me lose if our powers are equal.
To admit defeat against such an enemy is to declare that I'm wrong.

"!"
The wound distorts.
Blood stains the bandage.

"Ah, !"
I grab it with my left hand and glare at the darkness.
The memory from ten years ago...
The words of the man who was my father...

...Even if I was wrong from the start, there is nothing wrong with the path I took.
I wanted to be a superhero so that incident wouldn't just become a sad memory.
A time where everyone would be happy and shed no tears.
I have held that ideal for ten years.

"
Then..."
It doesn't matter how badly my head refuses to function.
What needs to be done is determined from the start.
I didn't fight because I became a Master.
I decided to fight because it's something I can do, and I believed it's something I have to do.
I finally remember the obvious.

"Tohsaka, no matter how much you tell me..."
If I believe it is right, I will believe in this path until the very end.
I won't stop, and I won't let her fight by herself.

...That's why I will sleep now.
I won't let her call me a burden.
I'll heal this wound up in one night.
And when I wake up in the morning

...And when I wake up in the morning...
I'll catch up to her for sure and repay her for what she did that night
The sun sets.
The sun, which wasn't even visible, sets and the dark sky gets even darker.

"I see. So Saber got taken away."
That's the only response Archer gave.
His master, Tohsaka Rin, simply stated the facts, but he states it even more matter-of-factly.

"...That's all? There are two Servants under Caster now. Don't you have anything else to say?"
"I cannot think of a way to beat her at the moment. But we should consider it fortunate that we know her Noble Phantasm now.
 Break the contract between the Servant and the Master, huh? We should be able to do better if we know that ahead of time."
"That is true.
 ...But you sure sound uninterested, Archer. Weren't you supporting Saber?"

"I don't think I ever showed interest in her. What makes you think so, Rin?"
"Let's see. Would woman's intuition be a good enough reason?"
"No. You are not of an age to be called a woman. First of all, you do not have enough charm.
 You lack elegance as well.
 And most of allyes, this is fatal... your charm is hard to understand."

"Heh. I see. You're finally back to par now."
She smiles pleasantly.
Archer has to be like this.
An unemotional person isn't the partner Rin trusts.
Her partner has to always be composed and has to speak cynically against anyone.

Rin knows that is the kindness of this knight.
Speaking cynically is like indirectly telling others to fix that part of them.

"I see. Then here's the first proof.
 You went easy on Saber the first time you met her.
 Even though Saber may be strong, I don't think you, the one good at defending, would be beaten in one blow."

"That was a surprise attack. I am weak against unexpected things, like you are."
"Heh, shut up. So, here's the next proof.
 You provoked Saber after the incident with Rider.
 That wasn't like you at all.
 I realized after I looked at it from a different angle. You were scolding Saber back then, right?"

"............"
"Oh, am I right? I thought so. I don't know if you knew her from your previous life, but it's rare for you to act so coldly."
"Really? I think I act that way towards everyone."
"You're the only one who thinks so. I think you're really clumsy when it comes to anything that concerns you. Everyone's tricked because you're not clumsy towards others."

Archer frowns.
He must have been self-conscious of it.
The knight in red ponders with a troubled expression, and his master looks at him in pleasure.
And suddenly...
"So, do you remember which hero you are now? If you're related to Saber, you must be a hero from around that age, right?"
She says so as if testing something.

"No, my past is still hazy.
 But I do remember Saber as you say. She doesn't seem to know me, so I guess we didn't have a deep connection."
"Hm. So I guess you two weren't friends or lovers.
 That's too bad. I would've found out Saber's true identity if that were the case."
She doesn't sound disappointed.
It's just an offhanded remark.

"Well, I'll remember eventually.
 By the way, Rin. How is the one you brought here doing? Is that one doing fine?"

"...Yeah, he survived. His wounds healed up automatically until yesterday, but this wound isn't healing at all. I think Saber's self-healing powers went away because the contract came to an end.
 But he survived. Fortunately, he didn't get hit in any vital points, so he should be able to get up and eat in about three days."

"No, not that one. I meant the other person."
"Huh? Oh, Fujimura-Sensei? I let her sleep in the guest room. I think Caster used a sleeping magic on her, but she's still doing really well. I did treat her, so it shouldn't be a problem even if she sleeps for a week."

"I see. But she might turn into a sleeping beauty with Caster's magic. That woman's spells are more like curses. The simplest way to dispel her is to kill Caster."
"Yeah. Either way, the Holy Grail War won't last much longer. We're going to beat Caster as fast as possible, and knowing Fujimura-Sensei, she might wake up on her own."
Archer nods.
And after a brief pause in the conversation...

"Beating Caster comes first. Even though there is one less Master now, Saber still exists. ...We do not have time to spare, Rin."
"I know. We'll go out to town immediately.
 Even Caster should take some time to completely control Saber. If possible, we have to beat Caster before Saber is fully controlled."

"All right. So the contract about that kid ends here, huh?"
"Huh?"
"Emiya Shirou isn't a Master anymore, right?
 Then he will be of no help and there will be no need to protect him. The second Command Spell can be lifted off me now, right?"

"What? Don't tell me you'll take care of him because he cooperated with you."
"Of course not. I'm not that good a person."

"Then..."
"But it's not over yet. I won't break the promise until he himself says he's out of this war.
 ...I'll try to get him out, but we can't end it until he gives up."
She declares stubbornly.
What can he reply to that?

"That's my course of action. Do you have any objections, Archer?"
"It cannot be helped. I'm fully aware that you are like that."
His voice sounds cynical.
She just laughs it off and makes an order.
"Let's go, Archer. I don't know why, but Caster isn't back at the Ryudou Temple.
 Thenlet's find her and defeat her before she goes back to the temple."
There's no need to answer.
The knight in red nods and follows his master.

Gloomy clouds are still overhead.
A moonless night. She departs with Archer to take aim at her target.
*Notice*
This Tiger Dojo is canceled because the instructor has been kidnapped.
Please look forward to the new series, "Magical Fuji-Nee, Magical Tiger".

I open my eyes.
My eyes are not the only things that wake up, as my sleeping mind wakes up as well.

"The wound isnot a problem."
I check the wound on my left shoulder.
It still hurts, but there's no intense pain like last night.
The heat in my body has gone away somewhat.
It shouldn't be a problem for me to move around.

I eat breakfast and satisfy my hunger.
Food comes before anything else. My body won't move unless it gets the nutrition it needs.

"All right."
I reapply the bandage.
The wound has turned dark blue.
It hasn't healed up, and I can see fresh red meat.

"Of course. Saber's not here."
I disinfect it, put gauze over it, and wrap bandages around it.
It's a primitive first-aid treatment to wrap and constrict the wound, but I have to do this so it won't get any worse.
"All done. I'll need a weapon now."

It's cloudy today.
It must be really cold, as there is frost on the grass outside.


But that's meaningless to me.
I feel no cold.
My body is burning and I want to pour ice water over myself.
But this is much better than the condition I was in last night.

The only things I can find are wooden swords.
I choose the one that looks like it is the best and put it into my shinai bag.

I slap my cheeks.
I don't know if it's to encourage myself or to reassure myself that I won't be coming back here.
I honestly don't know why I did that.

I carry the shinai bag over my right shoulder and head outside.
The place I've lived at for so long.
The shed was like my own room, but I don't turn to look at it.

Well, even though I've decided to fight, there are many problems.
I have to determine clearly what I should do first, or I'll probably end up not getting anything done.
There are two courses of action. I
I'll go find Tohsaka.
She told me to forfeit.
If I'm going to ignore her advice and fight, I have to make her realize...
That I'm not going to give up, and that we're still cooperating.
And

I can't let her fight by herself.
I owe her bigtime.
I can't forfeit until I repay her for that.

"...And she always screws up at the crucial moment... And she's so unreliable that I can't let her be alone."
I adjust the shinai bag on my shoulder.
...I know I won't be of much help and that she will object.
But I can't obtain peace of mind until I see Tohsaka's face.

...This is just a what-if...
But if she gets injured away from me, I can't even be there to help her

"Phew."
I sit down on a bench and rest my burning body.
It's past noon.
I've searched all around Shinto, but I haven't found anything.

"...Damn. I knew it wasn't going to be easy, but I didn't think I would find nothing."
I knew from the start that I had no way to find Tohsaka.
I let my luck take over and searched through the town, but I couldn't find her, nor any traces of her.

"...The other Masters aren't coming out either... I guess there's no need to attack me now that I don't have my Command Spell."
I sigh and lay back.


I'm making no progress like this.
Tohsaka hasn't left any trace, and my last resort of using myself as bait to lure out other Masters is failing so far.

...I get a bit uneasy.
I might not be able to find Tohsaka, and I might not be able to save Saber.
They might already be in a terrible situation by the time I find them

"It's still noon. I won't let that happen so easily."
I get back up.
I ignore the renewed throbbing in my shoulder and leave the park.

I'll search one more time.
I'm sure that she's in Shinto.
It's just like last night.
I don't know why, but I can feel that "he" is around here.
It's not something ambiguous like a premonition. This is a certain knowledge, like a conviction.
"It's useless. With so little power, you cannot run away from me no matter what you do."
Caster's voice echoes.
Where am Ino, what happened to my vision...!?

"Caster...!"
I swing my wooden sword in a world without any direction.
I don't feel it hitting anything and I don't hear the sound of its swing. I just use up my energy and worsen my wound.

"Do not worry. I won't kill you. You are valuable since you are rare. I shall rip off those annoying limbs of yours and use you as a wand for projection magic."
"Ah, gah."
My insides writhe.
My body won't even budge, but my insides are turning like laundry inside a dryer.
"...I'm surprised. Your body has not given up yet even though I have your mind. ...Fufu, I like you all the more now. Saber will soon be mine, so I will treat you gently like I will her."
"........."
The nausea that almost causes me to throw up my organs stops.
The magus in purple reaches out with her finger, wet with someone else's blood.
"That man got away, but I will not let you go.
 HereI shall let you see your beloved princess."
My vision is cut off.
I don't feel my limbs, and the only certain thing I feel is the pain in my shoulder.
But that ends quickly as well.
...I'll go to the church.
It's irritating to go ask that priest for help, but this is no situation to be caring about such a thing.

Even if meeting up with Tohsaka and getting her help may be the best course of action, I have no way of finding her.
But that priest might know where she is, and maybe even how to fight against Caster.

...My body feels heavy.
The wound on my shoulder aches and gets hotter with each step I take.

"...Gu... Haa... Haa... Ha"
...This small hill feels like a wall to me.
But it'll end soon.
I'll be relieved from this heaviness once I go up the hill and reach the church.

The church looks as if it were constructed near the sky.
...Blood is dripping down my chest.

"...Damn, my wound opened up..."
I don't think my weak will made the wound worse.
I should actually be resting.
So it's natural for my wound to open up if I push myself and move around.

"...But if I see Kotomine, even that will..."
He might not be able to treat me, but I'm sure he has some medicine.
His role is to protect Masters that are not able to fight anymore.
...This is ironic, but I am qualified to be under the church's care as I have lost my Command Spell.

".........Haa."
...Only a bit more until the church.
I'm worried about where Tohsaka may be and how Saber's doing, but I just want to sit down and cool my body for now.

The lights are out.
The church is silent.

"Kotomine?"
I don't see the priest.
...But I'm sure that he's here.
I feel a presence.
The church is not empty, as I hear sounds from deeper within.

"......Huh?"
Something's wrong.
What I feel and what I know are in conflict with each other.

"...Ah, hah..."
...I can't concentrate.
My wound is aching and I'm unable to judge what's wrong, what's happening, and what could be dangerous here.

"An earthquake?"
I stop myself before sitting down on the chair.
 A shelf might have come down, as I hear things breaking and Kotomine's voice.

"...So he's in the back."
It's dark in here.
Then today might be a day off for the church and the priest might just be in the back.
I don't know if the church has a day off, but I don't think it's accepting visitors, since the lights are off.

"And on a day like this?"
It's hard to keep walking with this wound, but I can't just sit down.
I have to go see the priest to have this wound treated and to find out where Tohsaka might be.

I emerge in the courtyard.
I couldn't tell from the outside, but it seems this building has a small plaza in the middle.
The hallway surrounding the garden is splendid and it reminds me of a monastery I read about

"Huh?"
I stop.
I think something that shouldn't be there was on the pillar right there

"Oh. I thought I'd see you again, but I didn't think it would be this soon."

"...!"
I turn around as I fall.
My feet are wobbling and I keep myself from falling by leaning against the wall.

"Why are you here...?"
I bear the pain in my shoulder and stare at the shadow in front of me.

"That is my line. I thought you wouldn't be able to move for a while with that wound, but you are much more resilient than I expected."
The purple robe comes closer.
I
Now's my chance.
It's not just a surprise attack.
Tohsaka and Archer, Caster and Kuzuki. If their powers are equal, even I can make a difference.

I can let Archer take care of Caster, so if I can stop Kuzuki for a while, Tohsaka can shoot him from a distance...!

"Shirou...!?"



I run down the stairs.
I have "strengthened" the wooden sword in my hand.
I suppress the pain in my shoulder.
I can't let Caster know that I'm wounded.

"Are you out of your mind...!? Why are you here...!?"
"What are you saying? You're the one who told me to go to the church.
 I didn't think I'd run into such a situation here either."

Tohsaka gasps.
Good. I said that on a whim, but it seems Tohsaka understands now.

"I'm going to help you. I should be of use in this situation, right?
 ...Complain to me after we defeat Caster."
I slowly close in on Kuzuki so that I'll be able to protect her.

"...You idiot. You and Rin would have survived if you had not come out."

"Huh?"
He mutters as if he's given up.
Before I realize what he means...
"Caster. This makes three against three. You should have no complaints. Get Saber."
Kuzuki uses his Command Spell to order Caster.

"Wha"
...Saber's bindings are released.
The golden-haired girl falls powerlessly
 to the ground and

"No way...!? Saber shouldn't be under her control yet...!"
"Yes. That's why I used the Command Spell and ordered her to kill you guys. It was my Master's order. I did not want to use it, but I had to, right?"

...Saber gets up.
Her body is covered with her silver armor, and in her hands is a golden sword I have never seen before

"...You got me, boy. I only have one Command Spell remaining now. This is for my protection, so I cannot order Saber by force anymore.
 ...My plan to make the Holy Grail eternal has been foiled. I can only make one wish come true now, but"

"I shall have fun here before that.
 Saber. Show them your true powers, as they have spoiled my wish."

Saber readies her golden sword and steps toward us.

"
"
Archer is silent.
Instead of telling Tohsaka to run, he stands in front of Saber.
It is...
...The final loyalty of the knight that understands he cannot protect his Master no matter what.

Saber and Caster begin their attack.
There's no way to counter-attack nor is there time to run away.
How can a mere human defend against it when even Archer has abandoned all hope?

Saber and Caster.
Ordered by the Command Spells, the two Servants attack mercilessly
"!"
I breathe quietly.
I push my body against the wall and watch while keeping myself hidden.
...It's still too early.
It'll be too reckless to charge in when I don't understand the situation yet.

And more than anything, I don't have much power.
The strengthened wooden sword is my only weapon. It's foolish to confront Caster without a plan.
No, that's wrong.
I do have another weapon.

"......No way. What am I thinking?"
I can't use projection.
Half my body became numb after I used it once.
Archer told me that it'll end up worse if I do it again.

Using magic beyond your capabilities can destroy you.
If I use projection magic in this state, it'll be natural for me to die on the spot.
"The chance will come. For now..."
I'll bide my time and wait for my chance.

"I see. So you killed Kirei?"
Her voice only holds murderous intent.
Tohsaka is glaring at the enemy with a coldness I've never seen before.

"Yes. He didn't seem like someone that would obediently hand me the Holy Grail. I also didn't want him to interrupt later on."
In contrast, Caster is calm and composed.
The magus in purple cheerfully admits the murder of the priest.


A gritting sound echoes through the temple.
...He was more like a devil than a saint to me, but that priest was a fellow apprentice to Tohsaka.
And he was killed.
Even though he was involved and might have been prepared for it, it's not something she can take in readily.

"...I see. That's fine. Kirei should have been prepared for such a thing. But Caster. Did you check his corpse?"

Am I mistaken, or has she suppressed all her anger? Tohsaka seems like she's not angry at all.
Caster evades Tohsaka's question.

"...What are you saying? Such a thing should not concern you."

"No, it doesn't. But it's not something totally unrelated to me. I just wanted to make sure, since I'll be relieved if he's really dead."
"What does that mean, little lady?"

"It means what it means, Caster.
 He's not one to die so easily. I just thought he might be alive, since you didn't check the corpse."

"Damn, you're useless. If you attacked Kirei, make sure you killed him.
 Oh well. I have something to do now, so let's finish this quickly, Caster. We can fight freely, as there are no hostages this time."

A signal to start.
Tohsaka or Caster...
If either one of them takes a step forward, this temple will be filled with magic

"You talk big. Do you think you can beat me in this situation?"

"It depends on how I do it. Fortunately, it seems Saber has yet to come under your control, so the conditions are the same.
 And I also know about Kuzuki-Sensei. Saber was surprised, but he's no threat to Archer if he knows his attacks beforehand."
Tohsaka points to Archer while staring at Caster.

"You heard it, Archer.
 I'll fight Caster. She might break your contract if you get too close to her."
"...Hm. So I will be fighting that man?
 I do not mind, butdo you know that a magus cannot beat Caster, Rin?"

"...Don't worry. I wouldn't say anything if I didn't have a chance of victory.
 I'll surely defeat Caster here. If I do that, Saber will be freed and Shirou can make a contract with her again, right?"
Tohsaka tenses for action.
I feel pressure as if she's a tiger about to attack its prey.

And as if to stop her...
"That is only in theory. It is difficult to defeat her here.
 She is a master when it comes to running away. She is a woman that will kill her own brother to escape."
Archer steps in between Tohsaka and Caster.

"Archer...? What are you doing?"

He does not answer Tohsaka.
The knight in red silently confronts Caster.

I think...
I saw something like this before...

"...I killed my own brother...?
 You talk like you know about me. Do you know my true identity?"

"I hear human-shaped creatures made of dragon's teeth are magic used by the king of Colchis.
 I hear that his daughter, Medea, was famed as an excellent witch."
The air freezes.
Caster's composure disappears and enmity like fire is directed at Archer.

"I see.
 Then you should know which one of us is at an advantage now, right?"

Archer does not answer.
His expression is like stone, as if accepting everything that is happening.

"Resistance is futile, Archer.
 You won't be able to take back Saber no matter who you may be. She still has a will to resist me, but that should not last for another day.
 AndI can make her into my puppet now if I use my Command Spell."


I barely stop myself from moving.
...Not yet.
Even if that's true, now's not the time.
If I want to save Saber, I can't jump out now

"Heh. Saber should be able to stand it even if you use the Command Spell. I don't know if it'll be a minute or two.
 But we should be able to beat you in that time."

"Yes, you are right. You look like you have some plan.
 But Archer, do you really think so? Do you think you can defeat me here like that girl thinks?"

Caster and Tohsaka are glaring at each other.
Standing in between them...

"That is impossible. Even if we attack you, all we would manage is to take half your powers at most.
 What awaits us after that is a disadvantageous situation where we would be fighting both you and Saber."
...Archer does not meet his Master's expectations.

"Archer, that's..."
"You should know, Rin. We cannot win if that happens.
 Saber's abilities were restricted because of her incomplete Master. As she does not have that restriction anymore, she is the strongest Servant now. Only Berserker should be able to match her."

He speaks plainly.
Tohsaka stares at Archer in astonishment, and even Caster is bewildered by the sensible enemy.

But it's different for me.
I've experienced something like this before.

"Could he...?"
I get a bad feeling.
Back at the Ryudou Temple...
When Caster proposed that he join her, what did he say back to her when he refused?

"Don't."
I murmur without realizing.
Don't do it.
It's not because the situation will get worse.
You're Tohsaka's partner.
So don't do it.
If you do such a thingI don't know what kind of an expression she'll make.

Archer steps forward.
He is empty-handed as usual.
He steps forward without enmity or intent to kill.

"Don't curse me, kid.
 There's nothing else I can do in a situation like this, right?"

He looks and smiles at me as if he knew I was watching this whole time

"Well, Caster. Let me ask you. Do you have room for one more Servant?"
"Archer, you...!"

"FuFufu, ahaha, ahahahahahahaha!"
Caster laughs out loud while Archer stands tall before her.
And Tohsaka...

...Takes this in with an expression I have never seen her wear.
She does not look away.
She should break down at a time like this, but she keeps a straight face and endures it, gritting her teeth.

"Of course. I have enough capacity to accept all the Servants. You know where I get my magical energy, right?"

Magical energy that allows her to maintain seven Servants.
It is the lives of the people in this town.

"Then this should be easy. I shall accept that earlier offer you made, Caster."
He holds out his hand to Caster in spite of that.


I feel like I'll go crazy.
I can't forgive him.
For betraying Tohsaka.
And for approving of Caster and joining Caster's side.

A hero.
For this hero, who embodies Emiya Shirou's ideals, to do such a thing

"Even though you refused back then? You are pretty unfaithful."

"The situation has changed.
 If Saber is on your side now, you are likely to win the Holy Grail War. It is natural to want to be on the winning side, right?"

Archer walks towards Caster defenselessly.
That means he's abandoning Tohsaka.
Tohsaka does not stop him and stares at her enemy.


I know that figure.
The red classroom.
She tried to hide her trembling legs and act like the same old Tohsaka Rin, even with the collapsed students in front of her.

...That's her strength and weakness.
She tries to act firm in any situation, so everybody around her gets the wrong idea that she's a strong person

"Use your contract breaker. Rin still has her Command Spell. I might attack you if you don't hurry."

His tone doesn't change.
He betrayed Tohsaka in front of her, but he's still acting normally.
She must be on guard against such a guy.
Caster takes out the distorted dagger, but she does not pierce Archer with it.

"What? You'll obtain a loyal subordinate without trouble.
 Why do you need to hesitate?"
"...Really? I do not trust betrayers. If your words are correct, then shouldn't Saber be enough for me?"

"You don't trust betrayers, huh?
 I certainly might betray you. I am going to your side for my own benefit. I did not approve of you as my master. But"

"The Command Spell is there to punish the betrayer, right?
 ...All right. I shall prove to the world that I am great enough to take you in. I am interested in your Noble Phantasm, so I will follow your plan."

Caster raises her arm.
The dagger to eliminate the contract pierces Archer's chest.

"!"
Tohsaka makes a pained face.
It must be the reaction of having her contract broken by force.
But this isn't the time to be hesitating.
This has become the worst possible situation.

Tohsaka watches Caster and slowly retreats.
...Tohsaka's calm.
She knows it'd do no good to fight them now.
If she wants to keep on fighting, she has to retreat for the moment.


But there are six meters between Tohsaka and the stairs.
Is it possible for her to run that distance safely?

Impossible.
It's apparent, watching the scene from above.
Kuzuki, who has been silent up to now, is on guard against Tohsaka.
If she turns and runs full-speed, would she be able to reach the stairs and get to the exit before Kuzuki catches up to her?

Tohsaka sighs while looking at them.
Her face...
"Hehthat's impossible."
...Seems to say so.


She'll die.
She'll be killed.
If I try to help her, I will also die.

The area below me is a land of death.
There is a Master called Kuzuki along with two enemy Servants.
There's no way I'd get out of there alive.


My throat is dry.
My fingers are tense from nervousness.
Zero or one?
Even before I can think...
Tohsaka moves.

She starts for the stairs without any warning.
Behind her...
A tall lean figure catches up to her so quickly that Tohsaka appears to be standing still.

Kuzuki's fist should hit her in the back of the head.
He was able to hurt Saber through her armor.
It should be easy for him to break a human skull.

I can't save her.
I can't save her by myself.
I can't save her with this wooden sword.

...I'll die if I go out.
I'll die if I go out.
I'll die if I go out.
I'll die if I go out.
I'll die if I go out!
I won't help her.
There's certain death waiting for me if I go help her.
If I'm human and if I'm alive, there's nothing else I can do.

But still.

"AhAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
My body does not stop.
I can't run away.
I'll die if I go out, but I'll live the rest of my life as a corpse if I run away here...!
"It's useless. With so little power, you cannot run away from me no matter what you do."
Caster's voice echoes.
Where am Ino, what happened to my vision...!?

"Caster...!"
I swing my wooden sword in a world without any direction.
I don't feel it hitting anything and I don't hear the sound of its swing. I just use up my energy and worsen my wound.

"Do not worry. I won't kill you. You are valuable since you are rare. I shall rip off those annoying limbs of yours and use you as a wand for projection magic."
"Ah, gah."
My insides writhe.
My body won't even budge, but my insides are turning like laundry inside a dryer.
"...I'm surprised. Your body has not given up yet even though I have your mind. ...Fufu, I like you all the more now. Saber will soon be mine, so I will treat you gently like I will her."
"........."
The nausea that almost causes me to throw up my organs stops.
The magus in purple reaches out with her finger, wet with someone else's blood.
"That man got away, but I will not let you go.
 HereI shall let you see your beloved princess."
My vision is cut off.
I don't feel my limbs, and the only certain thing I feel is the pain in my shoulder.
But that ends quickly as well.
"It's useless. With so little power, you cannot run away from me no matter what you do."
Caster's voice echoes.
Where am Ino, what happened to my vision...!?

"Caster...!"
I swing my wooden sword in a world without any direction.
I don't feel it hitting anything and I don't hear the sound of its swing. I just use up my energy and worsen my wound.

"Do not worry. I won't kill you. You are valuable since you are rare. I shall rip off those annoying limbs of yours and use you as a wand for projection magic."
"Ah, gah."
My insides writhe.
My body won't even budge, but my insides are turning like laundry inside a dryer.
"...I'm surprised. Your body has not given up yet even though I have your mind. ...Fufu, I like you all the more now. Saber will soon be mine, so I will treat you gently like I will her."
"........."
The nausea that almost causes me to throw up my organs stops.
The magus in purple reaches out with her finger, wet with someone else's blood.
"That man got away, but I will not let you go.
 HereI shall let you see your beloved princess."
My vision is cut off.
I don't feel my limbs, and the only certain thing I feel is the pain in my shoulder.
But that ends quickly as well.
When did I figure out what the dream was?

A desert as far as I can see.
The numerous swords stuck in the ground do not have a wielder.
The sky is stormy and there is no forest, town, or sea within my sight.
A hill of blades stretching to infinity.
A graveyard of steel without any wielder or bearer.
I knew from the start...
That this is the scenery inside that hero's mind.

After many sequences of events, one who becomes a heroic spirit ends up in that place.

There are those who left the world loved by people, and there are those who left the world praised as noble kings.
There are those who died wanting to fight, and there are those who died in satisfaction.
...But it seems there are many that have been praised as heroes against their will.

If true heroes are those who have legitimately earned the title, these are a different kind.
They were forced to the throne of heroes because of their fate, and they should be called Avenger, the anti-hero.
They are the opposite of heroes, but they were praised as heroes regardless.
Even those that hated humans and those the humans hated are summoned as guardians.

...But he's neither.
He's not a true hero nor a rare anti-hero.
He was never compensated for his efforts and his own life ended with betrayal, but he never hated humans.
But it didn't last.
Yes, he probably grew weary.

I was mistaken.
Heroic spirits, familiars called Servants.
...Humanity's power to control called the "guardians".
They are summoned into every age to prevent humanity's extinction.
But the only condition for their summoning is "destruction brought on by humans".
Naturally, destruction brought on by an outside factor is solved not by human power, but by the world's restraining power.

...So the only thing guardian heroic spirits can see is self-destruction.
They are an existence that eliminate destruction brought on by human greed.
He made a contract with the world to save humans and became a hero.
After he died, he became a heroic spirit and was shown humanity's self-destruction over and over again.
He is summoned as a "heroic spirit" to save people, but he only gets to clean up after people's wrongdoings.

...It did not take long for him to realize that it is meaningless and start loathing the human world.
And in the end...
He was betrayed by the ideal that he protected unto death.

"Rin. Do you feel dizzy?"
"Huh?"
Hearing the call, Tohsaka Rin wakes up.
...She slowly looks around.
This is the foreigners' cemetery.
It's just past seven o'clock, but there is no one here.
Well, the hill with the church is always empty to start with.

"...Sorry, I fell asleep. I guess I'm tired."
"That is understandable. You have not slept since last night. Should we postpone this if you are not feeling well? We do not have to go get them right at this moment."
"...No, we can't take our time. Since we know where Caster is, we should settle this right now."
After saying so, Rin realizes that her body is warm.
Her familiar, Archer, must have kept her warm using his cloak.

"...Heh. You knew I was asleep, huh? And you didn't wake me up?"
"Well, it's rare to see someone sleeping while they are standing. I was fascinated, so I had to observe it."
"That's even worse. Who are you to be staring at a girl's sleeping face?"

"Do not worry. I have done nothing so rude.
 But I did hear something else. I can close my eyes, but I cannot close my ears."
"......I see. What was I saying, Archer?"
"I heard a few scary phrases, like how you're so angry."

"Oh, that's good."
Rin sighs with relief.
The dream she saw should not be discussed.
She can't have Archer know about it.
She likes their relationship.
...To maintain it, she has to hide the fact that she knows about Archer's past.

"Let's go, Archer. I know a bit about the church. I can guess where she might be hiding."
She brushes away Archer's cloak.
Archer silently protects from behind her.
Then...
"Hey, Archer. Have you ever regretted your own actions?"
She asks without turning around.


"I don't want to if I can help it. I want to grit my teeth and be stubborn, even when I'm completely beaten.
 But I'm sure that's hard. Harder than I imagine, I suppose."

"That would depend on the person.
 There are those who can and those who cannot do so. You are the former. Such people will not make mistakes, let alone consider them."

"...Hey. That sounds like I'm an arrogant tyrant."
"That is a good observation, Rin.
 A brilliant person shines brighter than others.
 Such people never have to grit their teeth.
 ...So. This is a personal opinion, but you would fall under that category. Tohsaka Rin will follow her path until the very end."

The knight in the red cloak praises her.
Rin blushes at his answer, but keeps asking without turning around.

"...Then what about you? Do you think you would be able to believe in yourself until the very end?"
"Hm? I'm sorry, but that question is meaningless."
"...Why? It's something you're able to answer, right?"
She sounds a bit nervous.

To that...
"The 'until the very end' part is meaningless.
 Did you forget, Master?
 I met my end a long time ago."
...The knight in red gives this reply.
The stone room is illuminated by the morning sun.
The light coming in from the ceiling pushes back the darkness.
Every entrance and every window is sealed off, but even that cannot block out the sunlight.
Even the place that should be covered in darkness benefits from the break of dawn.

    "Haaah"

Entrances and windows are ordinarily used to let things enter and leave.
The cracks cannot be covered, and besides, if it is entirely closed off, it cannot fulfill its duty to be used as a passage.
If one wants to completely shut out the light, there should not be any entrances.
If one prefers darkness, one should go to an underground place without a way to return.

    "Hm, ah"

In that regard, this underground temple is not perfect.
Light exposes all secrets without reservation.
The hidden temple was easily discovered, and its master was easily eliminated as well.
There are traces of blood on the floor.
The original owner of this temple was killed by an intruder.
The supervisor of the Holy Grail War, Kotomine Kirei, was removed from the stage by Caster's hand.

    "Kuh...... ah, hah......"

That battle happened a few hours ago.
The underground regained its silence.
The new master of the church is standing in the darkness.
But the winner scorns herself.
Caster glares at the darkness with an irritated look.

First of all, this temple is unpleasant.
Neither the sanctuary nor the secret sanctuary hidden beneath it suit her taste.
The intruding light is unpleasant, and the priest she killed was unpleasant as well.
And most importantly, the crucial objective has not been accomplished yet.
She is shocked at how poorly things are going, and she even considers reducing this whole place to ashes.

   "Fu, haa...... ah."

Fortunately, she refrains from such violence.
It is not because she regained her composure, nor is it because of respect towards the church.

She suppressed her emotion only because of this sound.
Faint, periodic sounds.
A woman's painful voice is like fine music to her.
She forgets her troubles and enjoys the spectacle.

   "Hm! Ah, haa, ah......!"

The groaning sounds of pain come from a girl.
The weak murmur contains heated arousal.
The groans would inspire either compassion or sadistic pleasure in those who may hear them.
It does not need to be said that she falls under the latter category.
Sweat drips down her forehead.
Just watching the beautiful lips, gasping in shame, seems to bring heat to this cold room.

"You are doing very well, Saber. I would never have expected you to resist the Command Spell for a whole night."
She talks with delight.

"HmHm, ah"
At the back of the temple...
The girl hangs, only able to moan.
As long as she opposes the Command Spell, free will does not exist for Saber.

Worse still, a magic so strong that it is visible tortures Saber's body.
The Command Spell pressures her from the inside and Caster's magic tortures her from the outside.
The torture is more unbearable than having her body wounded.

     "Ah, ahh, hm......!"

Saber's reasoning has already been melted away.
Only the last remnants of her pride hold her back.
Neither the Command Spell nor Caster's magic can take away that deep root.

Therefore, the torture continues forever.
Caster watches the processhow the girl desperately tries to hold her ground.
It was Caster that dressed her in this white costume.
It is not arousing with her armor, and most of all, the armor does not suit her.
If she is an untainted virgin, she should be in a pure white dress when she falls.

"...Fufu. How brave of you.
 No matter how much you resist with your will, that Servant body of yours is different.
 You can tell that the Command Spell is slowly infringing on your mind, right? You will be mine in less than a day. In that case, is it not easier to give up now and become mine?"

"Kuh, hm......!"
The voice protests painfully.
Even though her reasoning is melted, Saber does not yield to Caster.
As Caster says, she will endure this torture until the Command Spell fully controls her body.

"You are stubborn, Saber. ...But I shall forgive you.
 I like girls like you. That golden hair, small body, the boyish gallant figure, everything is so cute. And I love your loyalty for trying to choose death over betrayal.
 Really, I want to step on you and crush you."

She looks at the girl with eyes filled with joy and hatred.
If Caster put her mind to it, she could get Saber to surrender in an instant.
Saber's freedom is lost from fighting one Command Spell.
Then, the result is obvious if Caster uses a second Command Spell.
Saber will become Caster's without the need for such torture.

"Kuh... Haa, ah!"
But she will not do such an inelegant thing.
Caster should take time training her, since she is a lovely toy.
For Caster, Saber is a tool with first-class appearance and ability.
It is natural for her to savor this rare jewel.

"...Yes. It is boring to control your body using the Command Spell.
 I will have you become my Servant out of your own will. ...Yes, I will destroy your mind before your body."
Caster glares with bewitching eyes at the girl in the white dress.
She almost forgets about the Holy Grail. She thinks about Saber's white skin and imagines transforming her into a slave that only seeks pleasure.

She will make the girl into a tainted slave to her lusts.
She will not do something crude like taking her virginity.
She is a virgin.
Then she should make her into a virgin that drowns in pleasure.
A girl whose body will never be satisfied, greedily seeking pleasure...
When she imagines it and smiles...

"What are you doing there, Caster?"
An unemotional voice suddenly calls her from behind.

"!?"
She turns around immediately.
Above the temple...
Someone slowly comes down the stairs that lead outside.
A tall, lean figure appears from the darkness.
There is no sound of footsteps, nor is there any presence to be felt.
The man comes down into the temple and shows no emotion even after seeing the blood on the ground and the girl.

"Souichirou-sama."
Caster changes her attitude right away.
Her expression changes from one filled with joy and irritation to that of a tense Servant.

"Why are you here...? I believe I asked you to stay at the Ryudou Temple."
"I questioned you first, Caster. I asked you what you are doing here."

The manKuzuki Souichirou does not change the tone of his voice.
The flat voice is more terrifying than any threat.
A voice without emotion is like a mirror.
A guilty conscience.
The voice is more fearful to those with greater guilt.
One is questioned not by Kuzuki, but by one's own mind.

"!"
Caster holds her hands on her chest and reports to Kuzuki.
He is not one that can be fooled.
No, she cannot bear to tell a lie to this person.

"I have taken away a Servant last night from one of the Masters, Emiya Shirou. ...I let Emiya Shirou go, but he is no longer a Master. If he is smart, he should not oppose us anymore."

"I see. But I have not given such an order."
"I acted arbitrarily, Master.
 After that, I attacked the church to obtain the 'vessel' of the Holy Grail. I have killed the priest, the caretaker of the Holy Grail, but the Grail's whereabouts are unknown."
"That was your decision as well, huh? You must not have returned because you could not find the Holy Grail. ...Hm. But it is a place you obtained after much trouble. It would be meaningless to abandon it without finding what you are after."

Kuzuki's words are not criticizing her.
But Caster can only be ashamed of herself.
She killed the priest who knew where the Holy Grail was, but she still does not have the Holy Grail.
Furthermore, she has revealed her own action which should have been hidden from him. What else can she call it but a total failure?

"I understand the situation. Can you explain why you did this, Caster?"
"...I am sorry. But this is all for you, Master. My goal is to lead you to victory. I have no other reason."

A long silence.
After hearing Caster's declaration, Kuzuki Souichirou murmurs, "I see".

"Then I cannot move away from here. Your troubles will be for nothing if other Masters find the Holy Grail while we are absent."
"Then, Master..."
"You can search this place until you are satisfied. I shall remain here until you are done. You alone are not fit for fighting. You will need a guard until Saber is under your control."

"Huh? N-No, there is no need for that. I do not need your help, and I do not know how long the search will take.
 And this place is dangerous. You will be safer if you return to the Ryudou Temple."
"That is true. But if I do that, I cannot fulfill my objective."

"?"
Those words are unexpected even for Caster.
What kind of an objective does this man have, who has no interest even in the Holy Grail which can grant any wish?

"Souichirou-sama, then..."
"Hurry. I do not care if it is not here. Just make sure you come up with a clear result."
With that, Kuzuki goes back up the stairs.

Caster watches him go in blank amazement.
The dark room is still silent.
The footsteps going up the stairs still cannot be heard.

I open my eyes.
My eyes are not the only things that wake up, as my sleeping mind wakes up as well.

"The wound isnot a problem."
I check the wound on my left shoulder.
It still hurts, but there's no intense pain like last night.
The heat in my body has gone away somewhat.
It shouldn't be a problem for me to move around.

I eat breakfast and satisfy my hunger.
Food comes before anything else. My body won't move unless it gets the nutrition it needs.

"All right."
I reapply the bandage.
The wound has turned dark blue.
It hasn't healed up, and I can see fresh red meat.

"Of course. Saber's not here."
I disinfect it, put gauze over it, and wrap bandages around it.
It's a primitive first-aid treatment to wrap and constrict the wound, but I have to do this so it won't get any worse.
"All done. I'll need a weapon now."

It's cloudy today.
It must be really cold, as there is frost on the grass outside.


But that's meaningless to me.
I feel no cold.
My body is burning and I want to pour ice water over myself.
But this is much better than the condition I was in last night.

The only things I can find are wooden swords.
I choose the one that looks like it is the best and put it into my shinai bag.

I slap my cheeks.
I don't know if it's to encourage myself or to reassure myself that I won't be coming back here.
I honestly don't know why I did that.

I carry the shinai bag over my right shoulder and head outside.
The place I've lived at for so long.
The shed was like my own room, but I don't turn to look at it.

Well.
Even though I've decided to fight, there are many problems.
I have to determine clearly what I should do first, or I'll probably end up not getting anything done.
...There is only one course of action.
Hi, is everyone doing well?
This is the corner that helps the unfortunate people who get run over by trucks once they enter a shortcut, the Tiger Dojo!
......
Well. The cause of death this time is pure misfortune.
It's the correct choice to go to the church, but I recommend looking around for Tohsaka-san by yourself for a bit.
......
......Hey. Why are you frozen, Ilya-chan?
Did you mistakenly eat something spicy?
......
...Are you ignoring me?
That's rude. Answer me. No, keep me company. I'm feeling lonely.
Geez, shut up!!!!
Oh, you're awake now?
It's not "am I awake"!
I was frozen from shock! Fainted! Ectoplasm!
Why?
"Why"? What was that intro!?
What is that? Isn't this the Tiger Dojo? I don't get it at all!
A magical girl is like that, you know?
You don't know that, Ilya-chan?
Ahhhg!
That expression of pity irritates me!
First of all, are you of an age to be a magical girl!? Out of everybody in Fate, the only one suited to be a magical girl is me...
U-Umm... and Senpai!
Anyway, that intro won't be allowed in the future! The magical girl joke will not be allowed!
I see. You wanted to be a magical girl too, huh?
But I'm sorry. It's impossible. There are the right people for the right things, you know?

But I'll work something out for you. You're pretty evil inside, so I think you'll make a good enemy, like Germanburuma or General Tiger-

I-I won't play such a weird character!
Go to hell, you drunk tiger!
Kyaaa! A new rival appears?
Hello, everyone.
It is time for the counselor of life, time to resolve all your secret problems.
This is today's guest.
The one living in Ryudou Temple in Fuyuki City, Caster-san (Pseudonym), 28 years old (Estimated).
Hello. Please give me your best regards...
(The voice is changed for privacy reasons)
Oh my, you are beautiful.
What's wrong? Someone as beautiful as you shouldn't have any problems.

Um, well... I think I'm not standing out... People say I'm plain compared to the other six, not a good character, and that I'm too old...
Oh, that's terrible.
Oh, what is this? It says here that you are a fortune teller.
...Yes. I actually want to be a housewife and raise a warm family. I returned to work in hopes of decreasing the burden on my husband, but I'm getting tormented at work as well...
What should I do!? I want to change!
I want to be a more lovable character!
Haha, that's impossible!
During the development phase, it was said that "Caster turns into a loli with hyper power", but we only need one loli!
Give up your hope of being a cute character!
...Sigh. You're right. I kind of realized it, but it's just too painful...
I'm doing my best, you know? I secretly saved up, hired a guard, and set up surveillance cameras everywhere.
But my husband doesn't even thank me for my hard work! Just a while ago, my plan was foiled by these kids that suddenly appeared...
I'm working so hard, but I'm not getting compensated for it!
Fujimonta-san, can someone like me find happiness?
Nope.
It's your fault, Caster-san.
N-No way... Even here, they abuse me...?
All right, I'm bored with this now! The case is settled!
That is all for the life counseling by Fujimonta!


They aren't opponents that we can take on by ourselves.
There are three enemies.
Then we'll need at least one more on our side.

...Then there are limited possibilities.
People who are magi and have a reason to fight against Caster.
It'll be other Masters.

"Tohsaka, don't get mad and hear me out. Um, do you think it's feasible to cooperate with other Masters?"

"......All right, why do you say so? You must have a plan."
"Well, that's not the case, but Caster isn't someone the other Masters can just ignore, right?
 So I thought we might be able to cooperate just to beat Caster."

"...Yes. I was actually thinking of the same thing. I didn't say it because I thought you'd object."

She says so unenthusiastically.
She must not like the idea, but she must know that's the only option we have.

"Well, there are two remaining Masters now. Lancer's Master and Berserker's Master.
 There's no way to negotiate with Lancer's Master because his identity is unknown. But we might have a chance with Berserker's Master, Ilyasviel."

Berserker's Master.
The white girl and the statue-like giant I met on the night when it all began.
She sounded dangerous, but I don't think she's cruel.

"...Yeah. I think she would at least listen to us. I don't think she'll ask for much in return, either."

"You idiot. She's the most dangerous for you.
 She was only looking at you, Shirou. I don't know what she'll do to you."

"W-What do you mean? I've only met her once, so that can't be possible. Quit scaring me like that, Tohsaka."

"......Humph. We'll stop the negotiation right then if that does happen."
Then...
Tohsaka averts her gaze and gulps down her tea.

"...But we can only bet on Ilyasviel for now. If Archer is right about Caster's identity, Berserker would be her natural enemy.
 They knew each other when they were alive, so he should know Caster's tricks. Berserker can handle Caster and Archer by himself. We can take care of Kuzuki while he does so."

"That's an optimistic thought. But does Berserker really know Caster?"

"Yes, Archer told me that Berserker's true identity is Hercules.
 If Caster really is that witch, Berserker might know her through the Argo Expedition.
 It's just like how I don't get along with Kirei. Everyone has a natural enemy."

...Okay.
But I'm sure everyone would dislike that priest.

"Then it's decided.
 But how should we find her? She hasn't appeared since that night. We should be able to find her because of her large magical energy, right?
 But we can't find her in spite of that, so doesn't that mean she's not in this town?"

"I'd assume not. Ilyasviel must be having fun, watching the Holy Grail War from a faraway place."
"...Faraway place? Is she keeping watch over the town like how Caster was doing at the Ryudou Temple?"

"I don't know. But I have an idea of where she might be.
 ...I heard from my dad that the Einzbern family has a villa in the forest on the outskirts of town."

She says so with a tense voice.
A villa inside the forest...
Tohsaka's expression tells me how dangerous the place is.
The sun is setting.
We return to the hall when the sky turns red.

...The corpse of the girl is not on the mountain of rubble.
We just buried her in the courtyard.
I don't know if it's normal for Servants, but the black giant turned into sand. But we put the sand in the same coffin as the girl.

"Well. Do you have any ideas on what to do now?"
"...I'm still thinking. The situation just got worse. I can't think unless I get this sorted out."

"Yeah. ...The strongest enemy, Ilyasviel and Berserker, are gone, but an unknown foe came out in their place.
 There should only be seven Servants, but he makes eight, right? ...He's not a Servant that should exist. How did Shinji make a contract with such a guy?"

...An eighth Servant, huh?
I don't think we can treat that man as a Servant.
He is a heroic spirit that dominates all others.
He has a seemingly infinite supply of Noble Phantasms, and he is a devil without any human emotion.

"Gilgamesh. That's the hero appearing in a myth of ancient Mesopotamia, right?"

"Yeah. He's half-human, half-god. He is the king of Uruk, and the seeker of immortality. He is said to be the tyrant that obtained everything in this world, but I didn't think he was that crazy."

"...He defeated Berserker so easily, so he might be stronger than Saber even if she has her true powers released."
Tohsaka doesn't sound as sharp.
It doesn't seem like it's because there's a new enemy.

"...? What's wrong? You sound like you want to say something."

"Hm... well. He was certainly strong. He has so many Noble Phantasms, so he's powerful, right?
 But I'm wondering how it really is. I felt that there wasn't much difference between him and Berserker."

She ponders.
...Huh?
Could it be that Tohsaka doesn't know about his powers?

"No, he himself is about as strong as Saber or Berserker, if not weaker.
 First of all, heroic spirits are as strong as their fame in the place they're summoned, right? There aren't many people here that know about Gilgamesh."

"That's true, but the change in power from popularity isn't that big.
 It seemed to me like that goldie had an unfair advantage..."

"...?"
Tohsaka calls him by a strange name.
Well, with that aside.

"He did. All the Noble Phantasms he has are real. ...No, they are all originals of the real ones.
 Gilgamesh is a hero in the oldest myth, and he was a king that indulged in every possible luxury. Then it shouldn't be strange for him to own all the originals of the legendary weapons."

"Ohthen what? The Noble Phantasms he used weren't Noble Phantasms, but just weapons...?"

"I'd assume so. I bet his Noble Phantasm is his 'treasury'.
 I think his Noble Phantasm is the 'treasury' where he kept all the weapons he collected during his life."

"...I see. Then it's natural that Berserker couldn't beat him. Every heroic spirit has a weak point. If he has the originals of every Noble Phantasm, he just needs to take out the one that is the most effective against his enemy."

...That's right.
If there is a chance of victory, it is that he is not a master of these weapons.
He is not a "wielder" that has mastered his weapon to the limit, so I think there is still a way to beat him.
But with all that aside...

"Hey, Tohsaka. This has nothing to do with this, but why did you call him goldie?"
"Huh...!? Um, I guess... um, he had golden hair."

"What are you saying? You should have called Saber that if that's the case. It seemed like you said it with a lot of meaning behind it. I think you noticed something, right?"
"Huh?"

"Don't hide it now. You noticed something, right?"
"Y-You're wrong. It's nothing serious like you're thinking, so don't worry too much about it."

"Don't lie. You wouldn't call him goldie for nothing. Come on, Tohsaka. I want as much information as possible right now."
"UhUh."
I stare at Tohsaka.
After a few seconds...
She sighs as if she's given up.

"...Well... he had many valuable looking things, right? So I just thought he's really rich.
 ...That's why I called him goldie. He looks like he's living a luxurious life, right?"

Tohsaka scratches her cheek while looking away.
How scary.
It seems anyone who's rich is called goldie by Tohsaka.
What's more scary is that Tohsaka figured out the Servant's true nature just because he "seemed rich".

"Anyways, that's another troublesome guy. There's not supposed to be an eighth Servant, so he would be the Joker.
 ...I want to question Kirei as the supervisor, but I don't know his whereabouts.
 Well, we have to postpone that since Caster is more important right now."

...That's right.
Caster is obtaining more power as we speak.
Saber should not be able to oppose Caster's control much longer.
No.
In the worst case, Saber could already be under her control.

"Yeah.
 We couldn't get Ilyasviel's help, but that doesn't mean we can let them be. We'll just have to think of a way to beat Caster with the two of us."
"...Yeah. We don't have any ideas, but we'll have to."

She sighs and sits on the rubble.
"...Phew. I never thought we'd have a strategic meeting in a castle."
I follow Tohsaka's lead and sit down.

...Well, we'll have a bed to sleep in here.
If we're lucky, we might even find some magical item of Ilyasviel's.

And the moment we let our guard down...
"Get real. You're going to defeat them just by yourselves?
 That's impossible, you idiots."
A stunned voice comes from the front entrance.

"!?"
We jump up and turn to face the speaker.

"Since that night, huh? It's great you two are still hanging in there."
"LLancer...!?"

I quickly concentrate and connect my Magic Circuit.
He is certainly Lancer.
...He speared my heart on that night ten days ago.
I can't let it happen again.
I have to let Tohsaka escape before he attacks!

"Get away, Shirou...! I'll keep him busy, so you run to the second floor...!"
"Run, Tohsaka...! I'll hold him back, so you run outside!"

"Hold on.
 It seems you weren't listening to me at all when I told you to value your life."
She lowers the hand she pointed at Lancer and points at me.
But I have objections as well!

"Don't be stupid. I told you I won't heed your warning. It's a guy's role to fight hand-to-hand. This is the second time I'm fighting him, and I'm more suited for it."
"That can't be true! He's a foot soldier. How can I, the ranged attacker, run away from an enemy with no ranged weapons!?"

"That's why! Can't you tell you'll die if he closes in on you!? You can just back me up from a distance!"

"You idiot! I can't back you up! I don't know any magic that's that precise! I bet I'll blow you away along with him!"

"! Don't come out with your destructive personality!
 First of all, why do you always try to be flashy!? Try doing something modest for a change! I can understand Caster not wanting you now."
"W-What!?"

...And we argue for a few minutes.
When we begin to tire and wonder how this got started...
I notice that Lancer is watching us with a smile.

"Oh, you're done? I'm in no hurry, so finish it off. It's good to let out everything you have."


I cough and glare back at Lancer.
I take half a step forward, and Tohsaka is right behind me.
...Man, we should have done so from the start.

"Oh, hold on. I'm sorry to say this after you've reached a compromise, but I don't intend to fight. I was just unable to ignore you guys. I'm butting in so that I can help you guys a bit."

"What?"
Hold on.
What did he just say!?

"...Did I mishear you? I think I heard that you're helping us."

"Oh, is it hard to understand my point? I guess I'll rephrase it. You two are no match for Caster. So I will lend you guys a hand."

I'm stunned.
But Tohsaka quickly grasps the situation.

"I see. You really are butting in. Is that really your idea?"

"No, it's an order from my Master. He wants to cooperate against Caster since he's alone. Well, we're just making a quick alliance until we defeat Caster."

"That's a sound reason. But I think there's a more reliable guy to go talk to."

...Is she talking about Shinji and Gilgamesh?
It seems Tohsaka is trying to figure out if Lancer knows about them

"No, they won't do. I don't want to ally with them.
 I have no complaints about his power, but it's too troublesome to worry about my back when I'm fighting."
"...Oh. That's the correct choice, Lancer. Is that an order from your Master as well?"

"That's wrong as well. I chose you two out of personal interest. You guys are easier to talk to since we're acquaintances, right?"
He speaks plainly.
It seems that fighting Archer and driving his lance through my heart are the same as becoming acquaintances in his mind.

"...Hold on, Lancer. I was almost killed twice by you. And you think I'm going to believe you?"

"I do believe so. Your commander-in-chief is a good frank woman. Such a good woman is helping you out, so you must be good-natured as well, right?"

"Hm
"
I frown.
...I'm troubled that Tohsaka is nodding at our enemy's words.

"So that's it. That's why I thought we might be able to cooperate.
 Oh, but let me tell you. It's not 'you guys'. 'I'm' the one who thought that you guys would make good allies."
"......?"
I can't understand the difference.

"...Aren't you the cocky one? You brought on the proposal, but you're the one that's going to choose?"
"Yeah. I've liked you since the first time I saw you.
 You're beautiful, stubborn, and courageous. If I'm to have a female Master, I want someone like you."

Lancer looks at Tohsaka with cool eyes.
"...Humph."
...I don't like him for some reason.

"Fine. I'm up for it. But it's not decided yet.
 If Emiya-kun can't trust you, we have to break off negotiations."
"So, that's what she's saying. What will you do, kid? Your character is being tested."
 Lancer looks at me, trying to suppress his laughter.


My answer is

I restrain my body that wants to go out.
I see Tohsaka biting her lips.

...I know.
Tohsaka wants to stop him as well.
But we'll be the ones to be killed if we do so.
We can't stop him.

   The man's arm reaches out for the girl.

", , "
I can't breathe.
My feet are on fire from wanting to jump out.
My arms want to go over the terrace.
My body is shaking as if it broke down and it tries to go against my brain.

    It's as if I've gone crazy.

", , "
I kill my voice and kill my mind.
I kill the girl below me as if to kill myself.


And it ends.
The man pulls something out of the girl with a smile.
A red object that looks like a poisonous fruit.
The thing in the man's hand is the girl's heart.


My mind burns down.
My brain that has gone white shakes with violent anger.

"Oh? I smelled something bad, but I see, there was a fool that has been watching this spectacle, huh?"
With the girl's heart in his right hand...
"How insolent of you. A mere lowlife should not look directly at me...!"
He shoots off one of his numerous Noble Phantasms at me.

...We have to accept his offer.
Even if he's an enemy, he's still right.
Tohsaka and I can't beat Caster.
But we might have a chance if Lancer's with us.

"......All right. I'm also up for the alliance."
I turn off the Magic Circuit and relax.
That's the best sign of goodwill I can show him.
I won't be fighting him.
I'm showing him that I'll be trusting him with my back if we're fighting together.

"I see, this is seriously bad. No wonder you're going through so much trouble, young lady."
"Oh, you can tell? That's great. There's finally someone who understands. I was worried that things would stay like this to the very end."

"I feel for you. Still, he's not bad, as guys go.
 You can be stupid and foolish when you're a kid.
 You can learn stuff and get twisted after that."

With that, Lancer walks to us.
His red lance isn't in his hand.
Lancer has let his guard down, just like I did.

...We have to accept his offer.
Even if he's an enemy, he's still right.
Tohsaka and I can't beat Caster.
But we might have a chance if Lancer's with us.
But

"...All right. I'll believe you.
 But it'll be under one condition. I'll accept your help in defeating Caster, and we'll trust you.
 But"

"But what? You want me to tell you who my Master is?"
"No. Even though we're cooperating, stay away from Tohsaka."

The air freezes.
Lancer is speechless, like he's been sucker-punched.

"Hah, I see, I see! Yeah, that's so much more important than who my Master is! You're right, kid!"
He starts laughing heartily.

"Is that bad? I'm telling you that you can't have Tohsaka."
"That's not bad at all. Rather, I have a better opinion of you now.
 Wow, that's great, young lady. This kid's completely fallen for you!"

"! W-W-W-What are you saying!? We're not like that! Um... yes, we're just cooperating...!"
"Reeeally?"

"...! You're irritating. What's with that know-it-all face...!?
 Come on, say something, Shirou! Tell him we're just cooperating!"


..................

"Hey, say something, you idiot...!
 T-This is as if we really do love each other...!"

"Hey, it's not 'as if'. You two are already in love. Even I can tell, and I'm only watching it from the side. But she's actually denying it? This is troublesome, kid."
Lancer makes a sympathetic gesture.

"......Well. I already know Tohsaka's troublesome."
I dismiss his sympathy with a sour look.

"Wha-"
"Oh, how reassuring. Then I shall take care when I socialize with her.
 But she's fun to tease, so I'm going to entertain myself while we're together. You don't mind that condition, right?"

"...All right. We'll go with that. We'll have your help until we beat Caster."
"Then it's decided. Well, let's shake hands."

Lancer walks to me unarmed and shakes my hand.
There are worrying factors, but we're able to obtain a reliable ally.
All that's left is...

"I'm so mad!!!
 Fine, I'm breaking my ties with you guys!!! I'm going to go beat Caster by myself!!!!"
How can I calm her down...?
"I refuse. I can't trust you."
It's not only Lancer.
I don't want to go along with Lancer's Master, who is still unknown.

"I see. Your partner is saying so, but what about you, young lady? You said you'd go along with his choice."

"I won't take back my words. It's meaningless to cooperate with you if Emiya-kun can't trust you."
"I see, you're right... This is disappointing. You really were my type."

Lancer turns.
The blue figure does not look back and disappears in a flash.
We're back at my place.
I never thought I would make it back alive, so I relax once I get into the living room.
"Whoa."
I feel a bit dizzy and lean against the wall.

"See. You can't even stand up, you idiot."
"......Hm."

...She's right, but I think her last comment was unnecessary.
How many times did she call me an idiot today? I bet she set a new record already.

"Come over here. We have to replace those bandages at the very least."

I nod and move by Tohsaka.

"I can use this first aid kit, right? Oh, as expected from a house with a dojo.
 It's rare to see a first aid kit with needles and threads along with scissors... Hey, come on. Take off your shirt and show me your wound."

"EhI have to take my clothes off? Oh, no, I can do it myself. I treated myself this morning, so it shouldn't be a problem."

"...Come on. I don't know why you're so reserved, but who do you think treated that wound in the first place?"

"Ugh. But that was, um..."
I was unconscious and I was only causing trouble for Tohsaka at that time.

"Stop your whining and hurry up. Your wound is special, so we have to treat it right for it to heal up."

"......"
How unfair.
I can't complain if she tells me with a face like that.

"...Okay, I'll leave it to you. To be honest, it's burning right now."
I give up and sit down.
Seeing that the shirt is stained with blood, Tohsaka gives up taking it off and starts cutting it right away. She then quickly but carefully takes off the bandages.


...Is it that bad? Tohsaka gasps when she sees it.

"......"
...But I'm troubled as well.
It's so embarrassing having her stare at my body so closely.

"You really did push yourself. It was healing up, but the wound opened up again.
 ...Geez, I can't get mad at you if I see a wound like this."
She talks like that, but gently touches the wound.


...Crap, I'm getting dizzy for a different reason.
I was able to stay calm even if she was near me, but my heart's beating fast now and I'm having trouble determining where to look.

"......Man."
I criticize myself mentally, but it does no good.
The temperature inside my head will keep increasing as long as we're like this.
Because the dizziness isn't caused by my wound.

"...Tohsaka? It's fine now, right? Just use styptic and roll up the bandage."
"That's not called treating. ...I take it back. I'm angry. You went outside with a hackjob like this?"

A slapping sound.
"Gii......!"
W-What was that for...!?
Tohsaka just slapped me on my wound!!

"Guh, you...! Do you have some grudge against me!?"
"Humph. You have no idea. You should thank me for going easy on you."
Saying so, Tohsaka takes out something that looks like ointment.

"That hurts, right? I healed the dead nerves, so it should hurt for a while. There's painkiller in this ointment, but it's mainly to replace your flesh.
 It'll hurt until it familiarizes with your body, so don't do anything reckless until the pain goes away."

She takes the jelly-like substance and applies it to my wound.

It looks really suspicious, but I stay quiet since I know Tohsaka is seriously treating my wound.

"That's it. You should feel much better tomorrow if you wrap some bandages around it and get a good night's sleep."

She skillfully wraps the bandages around the wound.
...I'm not praising her or anything, but she does a much better job than I do.

"...Yeah. Um, thanks, Tohsaka. I feel much better."
I thank her while averting my gaze.
"Ehw-well, that's good. I'm glad I treated you if you say so."

"Yeah, it's even more helpful because I thought it wouldn't heal up.
 Thanks for treating the wound."
"H-Heh. That's only natural. It'll heal as long as I treat it."

Finishing the treatment, Tohsaka gets up.
...Then.
I don't know why, but she heads to the kitchen.

"Tohsaka?"
Am I seeing things?
She's checking what's inside the refrigerator and the rice cooker.

"Hey, what are you doing?"
"I'm preparing dinner. You haven't eaten yet, right? I haven't eaten either, so we're going to eat dinner."

"...Yeah, I can tell. But why cook dinner in this situation?"
"It's natural, right? People can't come up with good ideas on an empty stomach."

Tohsaka speaks while staring inside the refrigerator.

The sound of our utensils echoes inside the room.
It's past ten o'clock.
I don't know how it ended up like this, but Tohsaka and I are eating a late dinner together.

By the way, the dinner was made by both of us.
Tohsaka wanted to eat Japanese food, but she didn't even know how to make miso soup.
It really makes me wonder what they're teaching in the cooking class at school.

Tohsaka is concentrating on her meal.
She must be hungry, as her plate is almost empty.


But I don't have much of an appetite right now.
It's partly because this isn't the time to be eating, but more so because I haven't replied to Tohsaka.

'You can forfeit here, Shirou.'
I haven't told her my reply to those words.

"Tohsaka. I have something to talk about."
I put my chopsticks down and stare at Tohsaka.

"What?"
"I've been thinking. About my reason for joining this battle.
 And what I wanted to do."

"Yeah, and?"
She urges me to go on as she sips on the miso soup.
...She's putting my spirit down, but I try to get myself together.

"At first, it was because I was dragged into this. And I wanted to do something about this war.
 But it has nothing to do with how I became a Master or how I got dragged into this."


"I like superheroes. That's why I have to protect everyone. I don't care about this Master thing. It makes no difference that I'm not a Master or that I've lost Saber."

I say so, ready for Tohsaka's rebuttal.
...But...
"Oh, I see."
She makes an absentminded response and finishes her rice.

"Hey now, Tohsaka. I'm talking seriously, so"

"I am listening. You'll fight by yourself, right? The fact that people are dying bothers you more than the fact that you might die.
 That's why you decided to fight no matter how weak you are."

She looks straight at me.
It's as if she sees through the part of me that I don't even know aboutand most of all, she approves that I am fighting.

"Ehoh, yeah. That's right."
"What's with that face? You look like a squirrel that has licked sugar."
"Well. I thought you would object."

"I am. But I can't complain to you when you've saved me like that.
 ...And I understand that you're like that no matter how much I try to stop you."

Tohsaka averts her gaze a bit.
"?"
I don't know why, but

"Then we're still cooperating...!?"
"Yeah. I can't help it, so I'll go along with you. First of all, I'll be so worried that I won't be able to sleep soundly if I let you be by yourself. And..."
She takes a huge breath.
After getting ready for some reason...

"To put it in your words, I don't hate you, Shirou.
 ...So it's fine if we stay together, right?"

She hands me the bowl with a red face.
How long did it take me to realize that she's asking for seconds?

"Ohof course...! I don't care how much of a tyrant you are!"
I take the bowl, fill it from the rice cooker, and hand it back to her.
"...Fine. I'm hungry and the food's good."
Tohsaka starts eating the heap of rice.

"!"
I smile.
I bet I'm smiling as I eat.
But I can't help it.
I'm so happy right now, so let me smile like a fool for a while
I go back to my room and lie down.
Drowsiness fills my body as soon as I do.


I stare at the dark ceiling.
We are going to Ilyasviel's hideout tomorrow.

No matter what kind of negotiations take place, it's obvious that we'll need energy.
Tohsaka said we wouldn't get good results with tired bodies, so we decided to head out after we sleep.

"...It's five hours until dawn. We have to go talk to her after that."

The young Master that appeared on the night I became a Master.
If Saber is a Servant excellent in all aspects, Berserker is a Servant specialized in battle.
There is no Servant that can match Berserker in simple combat.

"How can I talk to such monsters?"
Saying it makes me believe it's impossible to negotiate with them.
But

Strangely, I don't feel any uneasiness.
I think Ilya will understand us if we talk to her.
...Just like Tohsaka, she will classify enemy and ally as a magus, but I think she's a proper girl with all that aside.

"...Man, what wishful thinking when I haven't even talked with her yet."
I bet he would scorn me, saying that it's a convenient fantasy.
But what's wrong with believing?
Is it wrong to have hope for someone you haven't met yet?


I realize that I'm gritting my teeth.
The man who told me to drown in my ideals and die betrayed Tohsaka in front of me.
A guy with that much trust and power switched his allegiance so easily.

"Archer."
My mind darkens.
No, it's freezing.
My head cools down thinking about what he did.

I'm angry.
I can't forgive him for betraying Tohsaka.
I can't forgive the fact that he cast away his partner.
Iwill swear here.
Even if that may have been the very best action and even if it turns out that it was the right choice to survive, I will never do something like that.

His actions have been getting on my nerves.
He told me not to talk about ideals.
I opposed him when he told me I cannot save everybody.
ButI agreed with his words somewhere inside of me.

...His words are correct.
The superhero my father talked about is just a fantasy, and I accepted the fact that I would have to become like him to get as close to the ideal as possible.
Not wanting to do so, I openly denied the idea even though I accepted it in my mind.

...But this isn't on such a level.
I can't approve of him.
I can't approve of his action no matter what the circumstances may be.
I won't be able to keep standing if I approve of him.

"That's why I can't lose to you."
...My words do not disperse into the darkness, but stay in the room.
A few hours until dawn.
I keep repeating those words even in my sleep
She is alone with her thoughts in the darkness.
It has been a day since she attacked the church and killed the priest.
It has been a day since she declared that she can find it, no matter where it may be hidden, if it "exists".
It may not be the case for other Servants, but there is no way someone versed in magic like her would not be able to find a relic as holy as the "Holy Grail".
Then there is only one answer.
The Holy Grail was never hidden in this church to begin with.


She sighs and puts her fingers on her temple.
...When she closes her eyes, heavy darkness assails her body.
No, it is just a scream.
It is not coming from outside.
The scream comes from her body and mind, telling her that her fatigue is at the limit.

It has been a month since she was summoned.
Since then, she has done her best to win.
Her Master is an ordinary person without a Magic Circuit, and she is the weakest of the Servants.
To make up for that, she abused forbidden magic.
Collection from the people. The magical string she placed throughout the town and the control of the ley line using sacrifices.
...These are all reasons why she was called a witch during her life.

But she has never used them before.
She should have never used them, and she did not intend to do the forbidden.
So...
Why did she end up using them for a meaningless conflict like this?

She became a heroic spirit to take revenge.
But she also knows it is meaningless to use the skills that labeled her a "witch".
She only uses trivial magic.
She only created disasters that caused people to destroy themselves with their own greed.
That was all the revenge she could manage, so what caused her to stray from her path so much?

"...It is all for the Holy Grail. It is natural for me to go crazy for something that can grant any wish."
That is a lie.
She knows the true identity of the Holy Grail.
She already knows what that thing is and why Servants like her are summoned.

...It is true that most wishes can be granted using the Holy Grail that appears in this town.
It will allow her to stay in this world with physical form, and it will allow her to start a second life as a "human".
But.

"How stupid. There is no meaning in such a thing."
Saying so, she closes her eyes.
She empties her mind.
For nowshe lets her guard down and rests her mind.

...She hears the sound of rain.
It was a night without moonlight.
The surroundings were pitch black, and she wandered with an empty mind.
That is where she met him.
With bloodstained body and frozen limbs.
A chanced meeting that was more miraculous than any miracle.

It was the mountain where the Ryudou Temple is located.
Falling rain.
She was stumbling aimlessly through the dense forest.
"HaaHaa, ha"
She left behind a trail of blood.
In her hand was a dagger that breaks all contracts.
Her purple robe was wet with rain, and her limbs had turned white from the winter cold.

"HaHaa, ha......!"
She staggered around, holding on to the trees for support.
She walked on, dirtied with mud, her breath ragged, reaching out her hand as if begging for help.
She did not look like her usual self, filled with cool composure.
No, even the amount of magical energy was unlike her.
She was exhausted.
She only had a handful of power left.

For a Servant, magical energy is like a lifeline that allows them to stay in this world.
But that was all lost. No magical energy was coming from her Master.
But that was only natural.
She had just killed her own Master.
That was the cause of her exhaustion.
SheServant Caster was about to disappear alone as compensation for obtaining freedom.

"Haaaha, hahaha"
A dry laugh.
It is funny that her body was not able to maintain itself and that she betrayed her vulgar Master.
Moreover, it's quite amusing to see how badly she had underestimated the relationship between Servant and Master.

She had done well.
Her Master was a legitimate magus.
He was in his thirties, had a medium build, and had few noteworthy characteristics.
He had no will to fight, but dreamed of victory. He was a man that only waited for the other Masters to kill each other.

The man had not trusted Caster.
He treated Caster coldly as she was a superior magus, and he insulted her for being inferior to other Servants.

She gave up on him after a few days.
She acted as an obedient Servant and filled the man's conceit.
In short, she made him use his Command Spells for meaningless things.
She told him he did not need the Command Spells.
She made him believe that she would be faithful to her Master even without the Command Spell.

It was his fault for believing in her.
The Master used his third Command Spell for a meaningless thing, and was killed by Caster at that moment.
It was easy.
She did not like the fact that the contract with him still existed, so she killed him using the Rule Breaker.

"Kuh, ah"
But she had made a mistake.
Servants exist using the supply of magical energy provided by their Masters.
But not just magical energy.
Servants are only allowed to exist in this age by being connected with people of this age.
In other wordsto lose one's Master, the passport to this age, means being forced to return to the "outside" world.

...But she would not normally be this exhausted.
This was the curse her Master had left her.
Her Master did not approve of her, as she was a better magus than he was.
Therefore, he limited her magical energy to be always below his level.

The magical energy level of a mere human cannot keep a Servant in this world.
She would normally be able to stay in this world for two days after losing her Master.

But now was different.
Her magical energy was drastically decreasing with every second, and the end was near.
...Probably a few more minutes.
She would disappear if she could not find her next Master in that time.
She would disappear before she could fight, unable to do anything. She would be a pitiful Servant, summoned only to be trampled upon.

"Ahhaa, ha"
It was vexing.
It was vexing, but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary.
It had always been like this for her.
She was treated unreasonably like this all the time.
She was always used as a tool, and she was never understood by anyone.

Yes.
Her life was always controlled by someone else.
Her mind was destroyed at a young age to save a hero chosen by the gods.
Just for the sake of a hero the goddess of beauty happened to favor, the goddess cursed her to blindly love a man she had never seen.
The girl betrayed her father, and she was even forced to betray her own country.

...There is no memory after that.
After everything was over, the girl, who was a princess, was in an unfamiliar country.
A girl that betrayed her father, the king, for a man.
A witch that cut apart her own brother and threw the pieces into the sea to escape her native country.
And the man who wanted it done cast her aside in order to become king, saying he could not marry a witch.

She was controlled and taken to an unknown country, was marked as a witch, and the only person she could rely on threw her away.
That is her origin.
There is nothing people can blame her for, and people around her were aware of that.
But still, people continued to demand for her to be a witch.

An evil to protect the king.
An evil to be on the receiving end of evil superstitions.
People wanted a convenient scapegoat that they could blame for any disaster.
This pattern has never changed.
People demand easily understandable evil to reassure themselves of their own goodness.

In that regard, she was the perfect sacrifice.
The father she could rely on was in a distant country.
Nobody defended her, and people gladly blamed her for all the ugly things in their world.
They decided that every ugliness was the witch's doing:
that they are poor, that they hate others, that humans are ugly, and even that people die.

"HaHaha, ah, ha"
...So she merely accepted it.
Since she could only live as a witch, she decided to live like a witch.
She swore to show them the ugliness of the wishes they demanded of her.

If people do not know their ugliness, so be it.
They can stay ignorant, go to hell for their own crimes, and suffer forever.
They won't be able to get out of hell.
They will suffer forever as criminals because they do not know what crimes they have committed.
That is the reason for existence she imposed on herself.
That is the only role people gave to the girl, to the one called the witch, who never had a free will.

"AhAh"
But...
Nobody actually wished for such a thing.
The same goes for her as well.
She seeks revenge against her will, without having any wish for herself.
Yes.
Until she met up with this stranger.

A rustling sound.

She peered ahead, even though she was barely able to stand.
It's midnight.
Who could possibly come into this forest at this time?

"What are you doing there?"
It was a heavy voice.
She did not have the composure to check who it was.
She just thought it was all over.
She had no power to use magic.
Her purple robe might have looked like a coat, but she was covered in blood.

A woman covered in blood was hiding in the rain.
It is obvious what such a person did.
Anyone would run away first.
What would they do after that? They would either call the police or pretend they hadn't seen it.
...It did not matter to her, as she could no longer move.

That caused the last of her spirit to give out.
Her last moment was cold and lonely, just as it was at the end of her true lifetime.
Or so she thought.

When she regained consciousness, she was in that place.
In front of her is that manthe man who she met in the woods.

"So you've awakened. Can you tell me your circumstances?"
Those were his first words.
When she watched the man with blank amazement...
"Go home if I did a needless thing. If you wish for me to forget about this, I shall do so."
...The tone of his voice never changed.

...That was her first encounter with her Master, Kuzuki Souichirou.
Kuzuki was a strange man.
Should he be called a ghost?
He had no reason to live, but had no reason to die.
He was just there, and since he existed, he followed whatever whim took him.

He has no self.
That was her first impression of him, and she thought it would be easy to turn him into a puppet.
She grew to realize that the thought was a mistake.
Kuzuki Souichirou does not have a past.
He has no self because he has no past, but it does not mean Kuzuki Souichirou is empty.

Kuzuki was a sincere man.
He easily accepted her when she told him that she wanted him to be her Master and when she told him about her true identity.

When she asked him, "Do you believe such a story?"
He replied, "Was that a lie?"
He accepted it after she told him it was the truth.

And the most amazing part was the night they met.
As she was about to disappear, she told Kuzuki to lay with her.
After making a difficult expression...
"Let me ask. Do you want it rough or gentle?"
After that, he made love to her without waiting for her reply.

To put it his way, they had sex before the Buddha.
It seemed rough like Asura, but it also seemed gentle like Bodhisattva.
...Either way, the contract was completed.
She obtained a new Master, was able to stay in this world, and returned to her role of being a witch.

...She still considers it to be a miracle.
She would have disappeared before she woke up if she wasn't taken to the Ryudou Temple.
The Ryudou Temple is a demonic place for Servants, but it is a perfect summoning place once inside.
As the Ryudou Temple is surrounded by a boundary field, it is suited for keeping anything inhuman.

She was able to remain without disappearing because she was brought to the Ryudou Temple. Had it been anyplace else, she would have vanished after being taken there.
As a result, she obtained the best ley line and the best protection.
She easily occupied the Ryudou Temple, figured out the mechanism of the Holy Grail, and summoned Assassin as the fifth Servant.

But such things are trivial matters.
She was certainly lucky on that night.
Many miracles saved her, and she is now on the verge of victory.
But they do not deserve thanks. She would have been fine with it even if those miracles had not occurred.

There is only one important fact.
A very small matter that is trivial for anyone else.
For her, the fact that she was able to meet Kuzuki Souichirou is a miracle beyond belief.


But it's not going well.
No, she feels that everything she does is not going well.

Her Master will not be delighted with what she did.
He has never had an interest in the Holy Grail.
She would do her best to grant any wish of his, but Kuzuki Souichirou has none.

A one-sided relationship.
They do not get along well.
It is not going well at all.

"So the mummy hunter became the mummy? Even the rare witch is fragile, huh?"
"!"
She turns to the intruder.
It is not her Master that is standing there.
It is the knight in red, Archer, with his true identity still unknown.

"...Archer. I thought I ordered you to keep watch outside."
"Yeah, but I didn't see any enemies around here. I got bored, so I came to check what was going on in here."

"...Heh, I would assume so. The only enemy we have is Berserker. Even with him, we will go attack them ourselves once Saber is fully controlled. We have had nothing to fear since you joined us.
 Isn't that why you came to my side?"

"Who knows. Don't you think I only wanted to break my contract with that Master? Don't you think I didn't care who my new Master was?"
There is some truth in Archer's words.
...But what does it mean?
Archer had no intention of betraying, but betrayed his Master only because he wanted to break his contract with Tohsaka Rin?

"...I see. So you did not like looking after that little girl? Well, it is true that Servants are dissatisfied with their Masters. It is natural for you to run out of patience with yours."

"No, she was perfect as a summoner. But some miscalculations occurred.
 And Caster, let me warn you. Do not consider all Servants to be like you.
 At the very least, Saber and Berserker were satisfied with their Masters. A righteous hero can only be summoned by righteous people."

"...Heh, why tell me that now? A twisted Master calls for twisted heroic spirits. You do not need to tell me that."
...That is right. Servants are determined by their summoners.
Summoners with dark shadows in their mind cannot summon heroic spirits who are on the light side.

In that regard, she and Rider are not heroic spirits.
A twisted Master calls for twisted heroic spirits.
As Rider was "one that was beautiful", she was also "one that was pure".
It is ironic how the Servant Caster summoned is a fictional hero.

"But it is indeed strange once I think about it. You and Rider are ones that oppose the heroic spirits. But you two are still summoned as Servants.
 ...Well, the Holy Grail does not differentiate between good and evil. So I guess it will summon anyone with powers, huh?"

"Originally, a mixed spirit that had a heroic side would not have been called upon.
 Things went out of order starting with the third war. Heroic spirits like Rider and I were not summoned before that."

...That does not concern her now.
She is not concerned about the true identity of the Holy Grail.
Servant Caster's mission is to win this war.
She is not interested in what comes after.
No, to be honest, that is not the end she wishes for.

"Enough with the meaningless talk.
 Get back to your station. I don't care what you're thinking. You are my Servant now. Your life is in my hands. Put that into consideration when you talk to me."

"Understood. Then I shall live up to my Master's expectation like an obedient Servant."
The knight in red goes up the stairs.

Seeing him off silently, Caster lets out a long sigh.

One more day until Saber surrenders.
She does not have the Holy Grail yet, but she will approach the end once Saber falls.
...What will happen when the war ends?
Caster will make every wish come true with her powers.
It is not bad to live as a witch, like she swore before dying.

Butthe reason will go away once the war ends.
Even if she still has the will, her master will lose the reason to stay as her Master.
"I will obtain the Holy Grail soon."
Caster gracefully reaches out into empty space.
Her hard work is about to be rewarded, but her expression is like that of a criminal about to be executed.
I saw many corpses.
I died at that time and was reborn.

I do not have any regrets.
My eyes lost hatred there.
My hands lost anger there.
My legs lost hope there.
My self lost its self there.

Everything went away.
It is not because I gave up that I believed nothing would save me.
I just found out that it's natural.
It's just that dying people will die and survivors will survive.
I laid down on the rubble and stared at the burning field.
I understood everything then.
I thought I understood everything.

But I still considered it...
How wonderful it would be...
If I was able to save everything here.

That's what I admired.
I just wished nobody would have to suffer.
That's why I tried to become a superhero.
It was simple, and it seemed like an ideal existence.

That was why I aimed for it.
I knew where I had to be, but there were many ways to get there.
I kept on running, wanting to get as close to it as possible, even though I did not know what was right or wrong.

Many paths I took were crooked, and my destination was only getting farther away.
I'm taking the long way.
I've been repeating this for ten years since I got saved by Kiritsugu.

But I won't regret it.
I'm not as skillful as Tohsaka.
I will take the wrong path and lose a lot of things at times.
But I cannot discard them as meaningless.
I have to present meanings for everything I've trampled upon and everything that cannot be returned.

So I cannot lose.
It can't be helped if I lose against someone else.
But I can win against myself. I can always fight back against my mind that tells me to give up.
So that's all I swore upon.
There's only one thing that I believed in and wanted to believe in.

...That's right.
Even if I am walking down the wrong path, I will not regret believing in it.

"!"
I wake up from the light shining in.
It's before six o'clock.
The sky I can see through the window is a clouded one.

I get ready and leave my room.
My body feels well, and there isn't that much pain from my wound.
I shouldn't be a burden to Tohsaka even if we end up fighting.

"You're here. Are you ready, Shirou?"

...I'm ready, but...
Tohsaka has transformed.

"...? What, you look like a new soldier that just stepped on a mine. Are you not ready yet?"
"Um, that's not it. Tohsaka, you look different."
"Huh...?
 Oh, these? I only put them on when I do detailed work, so don't worry about it."

"......"
Well.
I guess it's all right if you say so.
What kind of magic is it? It looks so wrong, and yet so right.

"All right. We're heading to the forest on the outskirts of this town.
 It's a huge woodland, unkempt and far from the city.
 It has rejected human interaction for a long time, so the forest is big and wide. You know how there are a few people every year that get lost in there for going in without any preparations, right?"


I nod silently.
Our destination is the Einzbern villa that is said to be somewhere in that forest.
Our fate will be sealed the instant our negotiations fail and we end up fighting.
We won't be able to call for help, and it will be difficult to run away.
We cannot escape that forest unless we defeat that giantBerserker.

"Then let's get going.
 I stayed up all night figuring out where it could be, so we should be able to find it within half a day if we're lucky.
 We'll take a cab as far as the highway, so get some money ready."

She starts walking with a big bag in her hand.

"Hm."
I follow her with the usual shinai bag in mine.
...But Tohsaka.
Money for the cab is fine, but does that mean we'll be walking back on the way home?

We rode the taxi for an hour from the town.
We drove on the highway, passed many mountains, and reached the entrance to the forest.
Of course, the forest does not have any paved roads.
We finally reach the entrance to the forest after walking about a kilometer from the highway.


I knew it wasn't going to be easy, but I get nervous once I actually face it.
The forest is dark even though it's daytime.
The tall branches block off the sunlight, and it's hard to see more than a few meters ahead, let alone to the end.

"Shirou. Can you walk ahead for a bit?"
"...? Fine, but you're the one who knows where she could be, right? I think it'll do no good if I go ahead."
I complain as I enter the forest.
Then.

"What was that!? I felt a shock...!"
I pull back my foot.
I only felt the shock for an instant.
It's not that strong, so it'd hurt more if I hit my foot on the corner of a dresser.
...Well, in short, it was like static electricity.

"I thought so. I'm sure it's only for identification, but it seems she has the whole forest under her surveillance."
"Ehhold on. Isn't that bad?
 That means we got caught in an alarm, right?
 Then"

"I don't think it'll be a problem. We didn't come here for a surprise attack. We came to talk, so it would be in our favor to let them know we're coming."

"Oh. Be careful though. It'll shock you a bit."
"I know, I know. I can tell how bad it is by looking at you"
She waves her hand and steps into the forest.
Then.

"UKYAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!"
Tohsaka jumps back with a funny scream.

"Wow..."
I hear fire hissing.
I want to believe it's my imagination that the leaves under Tohsaka's feet are scorched.

"...I guess there's personal differences on the alarm. It was light in my case."
I calmly analyze the situation.
"Kuhkuku, kukuku"
But it doesn't seem like Tohsaka is listening to me.

"That does it, kid...! I heard you laughing...!"

Tohsaka yells into the empty sky.
She's so angry that she might go to fight instead of talk.

...Well, anyway.
It seems talking bad about Tohsaka is fatal no matter how far away you are from her, so I guess I'll refrain from doing so.
My frozen body bursts.
My feet lift me up and my arms grab the railing at the same time.
I see Tohsaka as I do so.
She is biting her lips in anger while watching the tragedy below us.

...I know.
Tohsaka wants to stop him as well.
But we'll be the ones to be killed if we do so. She can't stop him.
That goes the same for me as well.
I know it's stupid of me to die trying to save a dying girl.

I don't care about that.
      I just can't leave her be.

That's all that fills my mind.
I jump down over the railing.
Tohsaka and Shinji both look in surprise at the intruder, but the man does not even look at me.

The man reaches for the girl's body.
"Stop!!"
I yell.
I stop him with all my might.

"Oh?"
The man stops his arm.
And he slowly turns to me like Death that found its new prey.
Going back over a month.
He was summoned into this world before anyone.

He was not summoned in this country.
A faraway foreign land.
The land is always covered in white, the sky is always gray, and the castle is built within a hidden mountain.

It is always winter in that land.
Coldness and stagnation, barrenness and longing
As they cut all ties with the present world and await the reproduction of the miracle, they are like living corpses.
The cold winter air steals their human warmth.
And the stagnant world does not allow them a new lifestyle.
...The family is the seeker of the Holy Grail.
Spring does not come for the Einzbern family until their wish is fulfilled.

It has been ten centuries since they started the search for the Holy Grail.
As they used every possible method to attain their goal, they were eventually able to forge the Holy Grail.
But even then, all they can build is the vessel.
The divine mystery that should dwell in there is empty, and they keep building vessels that will never be filled.

But a foreseeable end comes to them.
They perform a ritual to fill the vessel with help from outsiders.
The result is both a success and a failure.
The Holy Grail is made.
The Holy Grail should be filled with that method.
But they make many enemies at the same time.
Even though they should be the owners of the Holy Grail, they have been degraded down to common magi that "donate" help.

Their tenacity is abnormal.
No, they have been obsessed since that time a thousand years ago, when they almost obtained the Holy Grail.
They broke the rules and constantly pulled out the strongest card.
In the first one, they did not have time to do such a thing.
In the second one, they finally found a loophole in the rules.
In the third one, they summoned what they shouldn't have.
And in the fourth one...
They were sure of their victory, having the strongest card and its master.

The result was a total failure.
The Servant and the Master they selected betrayed them.
The man destroyed the Holy Grail, leaving behind his wife and daughter in the winter castle.
They were infuriated with the man's betrayal, and they lamented their mistake.
Outsiders cannot be trusted.
Their family, with their perfected Magic Circuits, will be the only ones to obtain the Holy Grail.

They had insurance to begin with.
And on the fifth one...
They finally prepared the strongest Master and Servant.
It was him.
Two months before the Holy Grail War began...
Every rule was broken for him, Berserker, to be summoned.

The days that followed were to only hurt the Master.
...The Command Spell engraved all over the girl was used to control Berserker.
It did no good as a Magic Circuit and only drained her life away.
Even the slightest move on Berserker's part caused the girl to scream in pain.

It was only natural.
The Holy Grail would appear in two months.
The only things keeping him in this world were the girl's magical energy and her Command Spell.
Berserker was not created from the magical energy of the Holy Grail.
Even if the girl may have been special, to keep Berserker in this world using her own magical energy was like having her life taken away.

Knowing that, they still did not allow for her to rest.
They abandoned them in the winter forest, filled with hungry beasts.
They gave them over to possessed corpses.
They threw them in a wasteyard full of failures.
The only way for the girl to survive was to rely on the giant she had been given.

She survived the training that was more like torture.
She would let the giant attack the oncoming enemies.
She would let out screams of anguish, but she allowed him to attack every one of her enemies.
...He does not know himself...
...When the process became a special one for him.

In contrast to her young appearance, she hated whining.
Everything that came out of her mouth was an insult.
She must have instinctively known that if she was going to murmur something, she would get stronger when she would insult and hate someone.
The girl scorned Berserker for being ugly and cursed his existence.
It was only natural.
The girl would not have had to suffer if he had not existed.
She would not have been thrown in hell if she had not been chosen as a Master.

The girl insulted the giant every chance she got and used him to take out her anger.
The pain had lessened by the time she mastered Berserker's control, which was when the Holy Grail showed signs of its appearance.
The girl took away the giant's sanity as if in revenge, treating him as a "mad warrior".
But he already knew that this was the girl's desperate opposition.

The girl did so to hide her weakness.
She walked with pride as if saying that she could live alone.
...And that she did not need any friends or collaborators.
...It was...
...A bluff to ignore the fact that she was fated to have nothing.

    "You're strong, Berserker."

The winter forest.
The girl timidly touched the arm covered in blood.
Surrounded by hungry beasts, the girl was prepared for her death, but desperately denied it.
At that time...
He was not able to move without an order from his master, and he was the first to be attacked by the beasts.

The beasts bit off pieces of his neck, head, and limbs.
With the scene in front of her, the girl screamed.
...As he had his sanity taken away, he cannot recall what she said back then.
But the girl yelled not for her sake, but for his.
Even though her body was destroyed whenever he swung his arm, she endured it for his sake.

That's why they were both covered in blood.
The giant was covered in the beasts' blood, and the girl was covered in her own blood.
...He remembers the winter forest.
The weight of the girl that rested on him, crying tears of anguish.
And he realized.
In that small, cold castle...
He was the only one she talked to.

"NoNo, Berserker...!"
Her figure appears in his vision.
It is just like that time. The tears he did not see on her since she became a complete Master. The girl is running to him in tears.
And the man slashes her.
The golden foe gashes her eyes with a single slash, taking away her light forever.

Her face is covered in red.
She still runs in spite of that, but falls over a piece of rubble as her eyes are cut.
The slender body falls over.
There...
The enemy's sword is brought down.

The sword misses her heart.
The girl is coughing up blood as her lung must have been pierced.
It is not instant death.
But it is fatal.
With her eyes slashed, her lung pierced, and her Servant eliminated, she has nothing now.

So she should at least die peacefully.
It might be a salvation if she would just go to sleep right there.
But...
"...Huh? ...It hurts, it hurts, Berserker..."
The girl crawls, leaving traces of blood.
Crying in pain, she crawls towards the black giant.

How much power was left in him?
Breaking the chains with all his might, he charges at the man.
"Heh."
The demonic lance is thrust.
The heart-piercing lance impales the giant.


That ends it.
The man pulls out the lance as if nothing has happened, and the remaining power in the giant completely disappears.

His body disappears.
All the power that was giving his body form has disappeared.
So all that is left for him is to disappear.
As he ran out of magical energy, there is no way for him to stay in this world.

He falls.
But in his last living moment...
He sees the girl fumbling around for him.

Power returns to his falling body.
The law of magic that constructed him, the regulation of the world that hates inconsistencies, the body that is crumbling away like sand...

      'You're strong, Berserker.'

He pushes aside all powers trying to eliminate him, using his own power of will.
He cannot disappear yet.
He is probably the only one she relied on.
He has to answer the solitary girl that believed in him although she insulted him.

"...Where are you? I don't know, it's so dark, Berserker"
With her eyes slashed, the girl crawls with her hands stretched out.
...She must want to feel him, as she cannot see now.
The bloodstained hands grope through empty space, trying to verify his presence.


There is no power left in him.
There is nothing he can do.
Berserker will fall here and die here.
His body has died, and there is no power left to support him.

   So I'm fine.
          I won't lose to anyone,           as long as I have you, Berserker

But that cannot be allowed.
His mind is dead.
Supporting his body with his will that should no longer exist, he parts from this world.
His body is still standing, just as it was when he was invincible.
As if to say his body has to be invincible until the very last second for the girl that depended on him.

...And the girl reaches him.
The hand that was grasping through empty space finally touches something.

"Oh"
Coughing up blood, the girl crawls to the hard figure.
...She cannot see, but she can still feel him.
Berserker hasn't lost yet.
She cannot see anymore, but Berserker is still strong like always.

"That's good, Berserker. Stay there, okay?"
Strength fades from her body.
She is hurt and scared, but it's all right as long as he's here.
He always protected her.
He was scary, but he was really kind.
His big body was like that of a dad, and she wanted for him to pick her up once.

"I'm not scared anymore even though it's dark. You're strong, Berserker.
 I'm safe if you're there like that"
She rests her body on him.
It feels as though he'll rest one of his big, solid hands on her head.
It's probably true.
He should be patting her head when she opens her eyes.

"......Mm... It's a bit cold."
Her body is cold.
Recalling the forest from that time, the girl smiles.
It happened so long ago.
Recalling the giant that protected her even when injured, the girl peacefully falls asleep.

The man reaches out for the girl that went to sleep.

"Stop!!"
I yell.
I don't consider the personal danger, nor what could happen to me.

"Oh?"
The man stops.
Behind him stands Shinji, surprised at the sudden intruder.
The man smiles ominously.

"Sto"
My shaking throat speaks up before I can think.
But...
There is no way that man will stop.


I couldn't even tell him to stop.
The man pulls something out of the girl with a smile.
A red object that looks like a poisonous fruit.
The thing in the man's hand is the girl's heart.


My mind burns down.
Fear of being killed mixes with my desire to kill him.

"So there was an audience. I understand how you want to observe my gallant figure, but"
With the girl's heart in his right hand...
"Watch what you say. No one gives orders to a king, you lowlife!!"
He shoots off one of his numerous Noble Phantasms at me.
The terrace falls.
The man's Noble Phantasm destroys the wall of the castle.


I don't move at all.
I don't care about the rubble falling down.
I don't have time to run, and I have no intention of running.
I don't care even if a big piece of debris scratches against my back.
I can't think of looking away from that guy now.

"Oh. So it is Saber's Master."

His red eyes react to my enmity.

I'm going crazy.
I'll die in the next instant. There's no way I'm not afraid of that.
But my body refuses to run away and keeps screaming to defeat that enemy.
The girl's corpse keeps ordering me not to forgive that man.

It's only natural for me to go crazy.
My mind churns with conflicting impulses towards life and death.


"It seems you have a will to fight, but that is nothing. You are worthless without Saber."
A sword appears in his left hand.
The sword is mercilessly raised and should come down to kill Emiya Shirou.


I keep glaring at the enemy.
I can't even think about showing my back to him.

"Hold on. I know this guy."
The man's sword stops.
Shinji, who was watching from the other side of the wall, walks to the center of the hall.

"Yo. Long time no see, Emiya. I didn't expect to see you here, so I'm a bit surprised."


The man does not move.
There's about ten meters between us.
...Would I be able to get near him? Even Berserker could not close this distance.

"Oh, are you so scared that you can't talk!? Well, I understand how you feel. I was like that when Rider got killed.
 Yeah, that's right, that's right! I'm glad you let me go back then!"

There's nothing I can use as a weapon.
But I don't care.
My head is clear right now.
I don't feel any uneasiness about projecting his swords right now

 "Hey, I'm telling you to look at me...!"


...I slightly shift my gaze in his direction.
I look at Shinji while keeping the man in my view.

"That's right. So you do know who's the most powerful here."

I gasp.
It's not because of what he said. It's unexpected that he is saying so from the bottom of his heart.

"That's right. So you know, right, Emiya? You'll die now."

...How out-of-place.
Why say something that's so obvious?

"Sorry I didn't introduce him to you yet, but he's my new Servant. He's more amazing than Rider, right?"
Shinji puts his hand on the man's shoulder.
And with a delighted face...
"Beg for your life, Emiya. I might consider it."
...He says something unimaginable.

"I refuse."
I do not hesitate.
I answer right away without showing any signs of even considering it.

"......! Fine, then you can die."
Shinji jumps back.

The man, still with a cold expression, finally brings his sword do
"Hold on. I won't guarantee your Master's life if you move an inch."
And the man stops his sword once again.

Everyone looks up.
Everyone down in the hall turns his attention to the girl on the terrace.

Tohsaka's hand is aimed at Shinji.
Even though Shinji is not a magus, he should know what that means.
Tohsaka's serious.
If the man brings down his sword, she will kill Shinji as retaliation.

"T-Tohsaka...! Why are you here...!?"

She doesn't answer, but just keeps her aim on Shinji.

"WWhat, are you really going to shoot me, you murderer...!?"
"You're the one who killed first.
 Well, I don't care about that. The right to kill and be killed are the same. You should know that with your human instincts even if you're not a magus."
"!"
Shinji retreats weakly, being stared down by Tohsaka.

And...
"Hm."
...The man just watches it in delight.

He looks at Tohsaka.
"......?"
...Then.
I think there was a strange shaking for an instant.

"I see. You know you will not be able to kill me, so you went after the Master instead. You brought on the negotiation because you know I would not stop even if you killed my Master."

"...That's right. You wouldn't stop even if I killed Shinji. But you can consider it in this situation, right?
 You can save Shinji right now. If you're a Servant, it should be a hard blow for you to lose your Master."

"Hah. I see, you are pretty clever. That is your only option if you want to save that scum."
His sword disappears.
He turns his back to me as if he's lost interest.

"...! What are you doing!? Who told you to stop...!?"
"Nothe situation has changed, Shinji. She will be perfect as the vessel."
"Huh?"

Shinji stops breathing.
His face filled with irritation suddenly turns into a dirty smile.
"I seewow, I'm glad you're still alive, Tohsaka."

"I see. I'm relieved as well. I've known you for a long time even though you're like that. It'd be discouraging to have you dead already."

Laughing, Shinji claps his hands.
...It's so strange.
Shinji shows no fear even though Tohsaka can end his life.
It seems an overwhelming joy is numbing his emotions.

"Oh well. With that aside, how about it, Tohsaka? Do you want to forget about Emiya and team up with us?"
"'Us'?"

"That's right. You should know that Caster is stocking up power. The Ryudou Temple is the altar this time. It's a bit unfavorable for us if she's taking position there and stocking up magical energy."

Shinji says this with both his hands raised.
That's an obvious fact.
If I have to add, it seems Shinji doesn't know Caster obtained Saber and Archer.

"You can tell, right? There's not much chance of victory by myself.
 I beat Berserker's Master, but this isn't enough. We can make one that will even beat Caster if you join us."
Shinji invites her with confidence.
To that...

"I refuse, Shinji. I don't know who you're connected with, but there's no way I would follow a guy that is being used."
Tohsaka refuses him without twitching a brow.

"WWhat...?"
"Can't you tell? I'm warning you since I've known you for a long time. You should get some intelligence to observe what's going on around you.
 You're the only one who considers Matou Shinji to be a Master. Don't you realize by now that you don't have talent as a magus?"
"You!"

Shinji's face stiffens up.
The harsh words must have caused him to forget that his life is in Tohsaka's hands.
"Do it, Gilgamesh! Kill Emiya and Tohsaka...!"
Shinji orders his Servant.


"W-What, I told you to kill them...! It should be easy for you to kill them before I get killed...!"
"No, this is too bad, but we are out of time. It will rot if we take any more time."

The man shows Shinji, who is walking up to him in anger, what is in his right hand.
...A red piece of meat.
It is the still-throbbing heart he ripped out of that girl.

"Kuh"
Shinji grits his teeth in vexation.

"Damn, don't regret it, Tohsaka! I won't let you be on my side now...!"
Shinji runs towards the gate.

...The other one stays.
And after watching his master's disgraceful behavior...
"So that is it. You have a good friend."
With those delighted words he leaves the room filled with rubble.
The sun sets and the hall is filled with darkness.
...We came here to look for an ally, but the only thing remaining here after turns of events is this empty castle.

"So, what will we do? We can stay here if we want to go into defense.
 There's food and beds here. If we fix the walls, we can probably manage to protect ourselves inside the castle.


That's the best thing we can do if we want to protect ourselves.
But we chose the path to "fight" because we couldn't do so.

"...No, it's meaningless even if we fortify.
 Any defense will be penetrated once Caster completely controls Saber.
 ...And even if we do survive here, it doesn't matter if Caster obtains the Holy Grail."

"Not only us, but the people in town will suffer as well.
 ...Then there's only one thing to do. We'll get Saber back before Caster controls her. We have to defeat Caster, Archer, Assassin, and Kuzuki-Sensei by ourselves."


I silently nod.
Since we could not get Ilya's help, that's all we can do.
...The sun will completely set soon.
We'll have to get out of this place before that and attack Caster before Saber is completely controlled

It's a simple plan.
The process will change depending on the situation. Our only objective is to confront Caster as a result.

It doesn't even matter if that only happens for an instant.
Caster is the weakest when it comes to hand-to-hand combat.
Even if she may be a Servant, there is a chance of victory if we can fight her two against one.
Tohsaka's jewels and my projection magic.
We can win if we use all of our abilities.

That's the result we came up with, and we go out of the forest believing in it.
We don't talk after that.
...There's only one reason not to.
We're desperately bluffing to try to deceive ourselves.

The morning light is gray.
The sun is blocked by clouds, obscuring the dawn.
A cloudy sky is above us.
The sky is more gray than black, and it reminds me of that time ten years ago.

It should rain soon.
An impure gray sky.
The man is standing below the cloudy sky.

"So you did come. I know your personality. I knew you would be back with some sort of a plan."
He stares at her with cool eyes.

"I'm sorry, Archer. I can't live up to your expectations.
 We have nothing to start out with. We thought for a day, but we couldn't come up with anything."

"What?"
"You might not believe me, but we're here today to die honorably.
 ...But I guess we're still a bit lucky. If you're here, it means Saber is still opposing Caster."

So there's four enemies now.
If we pass Archer, we can fight Caster and Assassin head on.
Our plan is that we would fight Archer together and confront Caster with the two of us.
...That's the lie Tohsaka made up.

"I see. Caster and Emiya Shirou. The scales tipped to Caster, huh?"
 Archer's question is a loaded one.

"Yes. I hate my own personality, but I guess I can't change it since I'm born with it. I'm inhuman at the very end."
Saying so with an emotionless voice, Tohsaka steps forward.

"Shirou. Archer will only attack you. I won't back you up. I'll try to fight Caster while you get killed."
Tohsaka apologizes with her back turned...
Confessing that she intended to use me as a sacrifice from the start.


How stupid of her.
She didn't have to say such a thing.

"Don't worry about it, you idiot. I know your personality."
"Huh?"
"You're not one to do anything without a chance of victory, right? That's why I knew. This is certainly the only way we'll have any chance of winning."

"Shirou."
Her back shakes a bit.
...Oh.
That's all the apology I need.

"Go. I'll keep Archer busy. I'll keep him here at least until you make it into the church."
I control my breathing and turn the gears of the engine.
I feel great.
I should be able to project his swords in this state.

"Thanks. I'm sorry, Shirou."
Tohsaka runs.
...Archer lets her go as if he has no interest in her.
"Well done. It seems you understand your own powers."
He emits an intent to kill.

"Trace, on."
...I project his twin swords.
The battle should be decided in an instant.
I only see Archer and the back of Tohsaka running to the church.

...Was it over in one blow, or was I able to last a few seconds?
The battle has ended, and I look up at the sky powerlessly.
A gray cloud is overhead.
It should rain soon.
The sky is near, and the clouds block my way like a wall.

"Tohsaka, please... be... safe"
My body is burning.
I hear the sound of flames from the church.

"Ha, ah."
The sun is too far away for my outstretched hand.
It looks like the time from ten years ago...
We walk through the dark forest.
Although we don't know his intentions, having Lancer's help means we don't need to stay at the castle anymore.
Lancer must have taken a liking to Tohsaka, as he keeps messing with her and getting hit by her.

"Hey now. You have your own Master, right? Then you should stay quiet.
 We're going to be enemies after we beat Caster, so it does no good to be talking. Anything other than planning is unnecessary."

"What, we can't talk because we're going to be enemies? You have less composure than you look like you have, huh? It should be natural for you to drink until dawn with someone that gets along with you, even if he may be your enemy."

"When are you from?
 All that 'friends today, foes tomorrow' business is out of style these days. If we don't think things all the way through, it's rude to the other party."
"...Wow. It sure became a boring world."

...Lancer does not learn his lesson.
I think they've been repeating the same kind of conversation for a while now.

"More importantly, Lancer. You know what your role is, right?"

"Huh? Yeah, leave it to me. You two are going to fight Caster and her Master, right?
 My role is to fight Archer.
 I'll have to fight Saber as well in the worst case, but it won't be a problem if all I have to do is keep them busy."

He speaks objectively.
He isn't even scared of fighting Saber and Archer at the same time.


Oh yeah, Saber commented on him when we were training in the dojo.
She said Lancer is the best when it comes to "surviving".

She praised him, saying that with his excellent agility and great experience, Lancer would be an impregnable wall if he went into defense.
...He must have fought many battles from disadvantageous positions when he was alive.
This man ran through fatal battles like a panther and lived on.

"...That's fine. But our enemy isn't just Archer and Saber. Caster also has Assassin. In the worst case, you'd have to fight three."

"Oh, that's bad. I don't like that guy. I don't even want to fight him one-on-one if I can help it. It's best to kill such a guy from a distancebut there's no point in worrying.
 Assassin won't be at the church."

"...? How can you say so? If Caster won't go back to the Ryudou Temple, wouldn't she call for her guard, Assassin?"

"No. Assassin is a Servant that Caster summoned, but he has his limitations because of that. He is a heroic spirit summoned to that place. He can't leave the Ryudou Temple, and in any case, Caster won't call for him.
 He is a Servant that Caster summoned without letting her Master know.
 She will try to hide Assassin as long as they're at the church, and I'm sure she won't let go of the Ryudou Temple either."

"She won't let go of the Ryudou Temple...? Does that mean..."
"It's because that mountain is the summoning place of the Holy Grail. Do you know? This is the fifth Holy Grail War, but there are only four possible places for the Holy Grail to be summoned into. Two of the places are the Ryudou Temple and the church.
 By the way, it was summoned at the church in the third war. The fourth one was summoned in a plain somewhere."

"Oh. I thought you didn't think at all, but you're pretty well-informed."
"It's just that my Master is fastidious. I'm not interested in your doings."

"Okay. ...But, I see. So the summoning this time has returned to the same place as the first time, huh?"
Tohsaka starts to ponder.
Lancer watches her with delight and walks on in the dark forest.


The date has already changed.
The day should be dawning by the time we get out of this forest.

...I mentally prepare myself as I walk.
We will fight Caster again in a few hours.
...I won't hesitate, even if that girl would have turned into our enemy by then.
We'll defeat Caster.
I have to tell myself that it is the most important thing right now.

We head to the battlefield.
No matter what may be awaiting us at the church at daybreak, we cannot stop now.
...We walk in the forest.
We're the only people in this vast place.

I don't hear any beasts, and the grasses are dead like corpses.
The endless rows of trees makes me think this forest goes on forever.

It's been three hours since we entered.
Just as our surroundings start to blur together...

"Found it.
 ...Geez, I'm still stunned even though I knew about it. They really did build something like that in such a place."

I follow Tohsaka's stare.
There's only darkness ahead.
Between the trees.
There is something unbefitting of these surroundings, visible through a crack so small that you'd miss it if you weren't careful.

"...What's that? Is that a wall?"
"It is a wall. Geez, what's up with them? They brought that whole thing from their country."

Tohsaka complains and heads to the "strange object" we can see in the distance.
I still can't tell what it is, so I follow her.

We get out of the forest.
The endless forest quickly ends.
No, it seems like the forest is scooped out here with a big spoon.

The sky curving above us is gray.
A giant dome.
It seems more like an underground kingdom than a clearing.

This is Ilyasviel's dwelling.
An old castle built within the forest.
A solitary castle without any visitors, too big for one girl, not to mention too desolate for anyone to live alone in.


...Anyway, it does no good to be standing here.
According to Tohsaka, Ilyasviel knows we're here.
Then we should go in from the front entrance as a sign that we're not here to fight.

"Let's go, Tohsaka... Tohsaka?"
Tohsaka is looking up at the castle with an alarmed expression.
Her face is tense as if she's confronting an enemy.

"Tohsaka. Is there something wrong?"
"...Yeah. There's someone else besides us here."
"Of course. This is where Ilya and Berserker live."

"That's not what I mean. There's someone else other than that. ...We're going in this way, Shirou."
"Ehw-wait...!?"

Tohsaka starts running towards a big tree by the wall, and I don't have time to stop her.
No, that's not all.
She grabs onto a branch and skillfully climbs up.


I look up in astonishment.
Tohsaka looks around and
She jumps and kicks at the castle.

A shattering sound.
The window breaks and the red figure disappears into the castle.

"Come on...! There's something seriously wrong with this castle...!"
"Hey, weren't we here to talk...!?"
But what's done is done.
I climb up the tree and jump into the second floor window like Tohsaka.

We enter the hallway.
Even before I'm dazzled by the magnificence of the castle, I sense the "abnormality" Tohsaka is talking about.

I hear sounds of fighting.
Swords crashing against each other.
Butwould such a storm-like battle even be possible?
Even the most fierce battle of swords, the battle between Berserker and Saber, did not create such sounds.

"Oh."
Then I suddenly realize.
This isn't the sound of swords crashing.
This is one against manythere is literally a war going on somewhere in this castle.

One side has to be Ilyasviel.
This is Ilyasviel's castle.
If there is a battle here, it could only be Berserker attacking the intruding enemy.

I run.
The sound is coming from below us.
Considering the location we came in from, the battle is happening right in the center of the castlein the guest hall.

I run through the unfamiliar castle.
This isn't the time to be talking.
I don't know what's going on, but something terrible is happening
Even though people have said this Tiger Dojo is meaningless, it is already in its 23rd session.
Well, this is a sudden announcement, but this is the last Tiger Dojo in part II!
Huh? But we have one more Tiger Dojo in part II according to the schedule.
Kaahhhh! Don't talk about the 24th one!
I have no business with a weakling that will die that way!
O-Osu!
I don't quite get it, but this is the last Tiger Dojo of part II!?
Yup.
There was a rumor on part I's final Tiger Dojo that this corner would be powered up, but I won't fall for something like that this time.
We will remain here alone and preserve this modest paradise.
.........Heh.
Ugh, I feel something rebellious.
Could this devil child be plotting something again?
Oh, that's a misunderstanding.
I'm just thinking that I might make you feel lonely because I can't be here often during part III.
Hm...!? You can't come to the dojo!? Could it be, Ilya-chan...!?
Yup. I'll be busy taking part in the main storyline.
It ended up like this in the Rin route, but part III is when my true worth comes out.
It seems you will be taking fewer parts in the main story.
My condolences to you. This is the difference between a heroine candidate and one who was not even considered to be a candidate.
Well, you can rest assured that I'll still be your friend even after I become a heroine. Let's see... When I take over the storyline, I can make you my servant...
......Hiya.
What are you doing!? I'm saying this out of good faith!
I don't need it! I don't need love if it's this painful!
Actually, you're disqualified to be my student! You will be too bright in my eyes if you become a heroine!
Get out! Get out-uwaaan!
Heh, I'm quitting as well!
You stupid Taiga! I won't forgive you even if you apologize!
...She's gone.
Well, this is fate. If my cute student will become a heroine, it is my role as her master to be hated.
Fight, Ilya-chan! Go after Sakura-chan and take her spot as the heroine!
Don't come back here! Because you'll take away some of my roles!
...Uhh. But it's kind of lonely that I have to do the last Tiger Dojo of part II by myself.
I'm lonely, but I'll do my best. Fight alone, me.
Well, this dead end is a bit special.
It's too reckless to enter battle with just Shirou and Tohsaka-san. There's no way you can win.
I know you might have something against him, but go ahead and shake hands with the "cooperator" that appeared.
For those of you for whom the cooperator didn't even appear!
You're a failure as a main character! How can you not save a girl that's about to die in front of you!?
The event at the castle is an important part of the story that reveals "a cause" that has been hidden up to now! You have to see it.
Tohsaka-san's route is also the main character's route. So go ahead and solve the problem.
Well, this is it.
Tohsaka-san's route is entering its climax.
There will be a series of fast events without a dead end after this, but let me give you one piece of good news.
Tohsaka-san's route has a "true end" and a "good end".
I can't tell what each of those is about, but the condition for seeing them is how faithful you were. It's either "only one" or "flowers on both hands". You get to find out after the battle.
All right, everyone, I'll be waiting in the part III Tiger Dojo.

"Ahkuh."
Caster regains consciousness.
Protected by Kuzuki, Caster looks around the temple.

...This is it.
The surprise attack won't work on Caster anymore.
Tohsaka is tired and I can only project two more swords.
If...
If Caster uses "her" in this situation, we will never make it out of here alive

"......Phew. I thank you, Master. I would have been defeated without you."
"You do not need to flatter me. Just get Saber. We cannot take them lightly."
"Yes. That is a good decision, Master."
Caster points to the woman on the altar.

The visible binding of the curse.
And when Caster tries to release it...

"Yes. If only you had done it a few seconds sooner."

Above me.
I hear a soft voice from the stairs leading up.


It is Caster that notices the strange event first.
Kuzuki doesn't notice.
It is because Kuzuki cannot detect magical energy.

Caster moves.
Above her Master...
Above Kuzuki Souichirou's head...
Are floating numerous swords.
"Souichirou!"
She must have figured out that her injuries will prevent her from blocking them with magic.
Caster uses her body to protect her Master.

       "Trace, on."

The murmuring voice from above says those words.


...The sounds end.
The swords appearing in midair come down at one target and pierce one body.
The numerous blades rip and tear the meat, then disappear like an illusion.

What's left are many traces of blood.
"Ah...... guh...... ah..."
It...
Having become his shield of her own free will, she now turns her bloody body to the man behind her.


Kuzuki is silent.
In front of him is the skewered Servant.
...Maybe there's no need to hide it now.
The robe is removed from her head, and the woman walks over to her master with a bare face.

"AhAh, ah"
...Her body is collapsing.
With a dying body, the woman looks up at her master who has not twitched a brow.
Her slender fingers run across the expressionless face.

"Ohare you okay, Master?"
Her voice seems clear.
There is no change in Kuzuki.
He only answers with a simple "yes" and does not even look at Caster.

"Good. It would trouble me if you died."
She looks as if it is fine.
...No, the woman smiles knowing what kind of man he is.

"But this is cruel. I finally found a wish..."
The fingers running along his cheek fall down.
Beginning at her toes, Caster's body is disappearing.

"You do not have to grieve. I will make your wish come true."
She smiles at the simple answer.
She smiles as if seeing a short-lived dream.
"That is impossible. Because my wish..."

Was being fulfilled until now.
The witch collapses as if going to sleep.

...The purple robe falls.
The robe without its wearer fades and disappears as if following her.


Kuzuki does not even look at her. His attention is focused on the man above.
The knight in red who should be above me.

I get a headache.
It's not just because I've abused projection.
The muttered spell...
The spell he said is smashing my brain with nausea.

'Trace, on'.
That's what he said.
He said the exact words of the spell that shouldn't be used by anyone else but me.


Archer comes down the stairs and stands in the temple.
Tohsaka is watching him with surprise.

"......Archer... I thought so, but... it's true?"

Archer does not answer.
He is only watching his enemy, Kuzuki.

"...Treacherous friend, huh? You were going for this from the start, Archer."
"Yes. But this is more like the Trojan horse.
 I had to defeat the Greek hero. So this is more appropriate as a comparison."
Archer shows no guilt even though he has betrayed Caster in front of us.

"I see. I guess it was Caster's mistake for drawing in a guy like you."
Kuzuki does not change his tone even in front of a betrayer.
He still has the will to fight.
He is not a magus and he has lost Caster, but he has the will to continue fighting.

...He readies himself.
As Caster is gone, Kuzuki's strength must have dropped substantially.
His "snake" is still there, but Caster's strengthening that made his fists into steel is gone.
But still, Kuzuki faces Archer like before.

"I see. I will not stop you if you want to continue."
Archer readies his twin swords.
Their duel has begun.

"Wha"
Is that all right?
Kuzuki said he has no interest in the Holy Grail.
A Master in name only, he merely went along with Caster.
Then there's no reason for him to fight now that Caster's gone.

"Hold on. Why are you continuing, Kuzuki? You were only doing as Caster told you. Caster's gone now, so there's no reason for you to fight anymore."
I glare at them, gritting my teeth against the pain.


Kuzuki narrows his eyes a bit.

"Right. I do not have a reason to fight. Like you, I had no interest in the Holy Grail."

"Then..."
"But this is something I have started. I cannot stop midway."
That's it.
That's all the reason he has.

The battle starts.
The battle should end in one blow.
Even if Kuzuki has superhuman fighting abilities, he's fighting a Servant.
He can't be a match just by being "superhuman".

Even though this is called a battle, it is actually just disposal of the loser.
The fate of the loser...
It is the battle between Masters to kill and be killed, and that is the end they have to be ready for. One shouldn't fight at all if he can't accept that.
But still
If I can save him...
Is it wrong to want to prevent his death if I can?
I don't care if I'm called soft-hearted.
I know it's just hypocrisy.

To defeat another Master means killing them.
We fought, prepared to kill each other.
I know how unfair it is to stop them now.

But still.
I decided to fight so that I could save people. I can't ignore a life that can be saved.

"Stop. The match is settled. You guys don't..."
I suppress my headache and try to stop them.
At that instant.
Kuzuki moves.

"Wha"
Kuzuki must have taken my voice as a signal, as he rushes Archer in a flash and lashes out at his temple.

Any ordinary man would have his skull crushed, but Archer does not dodge it.
His head moves from the impact.
The knight in red takes Kuzuki's blow, and pierces Kuzuki Souichirou's chest at the same time.

I have no right to stop them.
Even if he was Caster's puppet, Kuzuki did not stop her.
He did not stop Caster from sucking magical energy out of people, and he even supported it.
Theneven if he's not a magus, Kuzuki is a Master.

To defeat other Masters means killing them.
We fought, prepared to kill each other.

Kuzuki does not want any help and has not admitted defeat.
The man in front of me will only stop in death.
So.
How can I, a Master, stop them?

...And after a moment's confrontation, Kuzuki moves.
Kuzuki's fists haven't weakened at all.
They reach out like snakes to smash Archer's temple.
Archer dodges it by a hair and pierces Kuzuki Souichirou's chest as if to silence him.
"Shirou. Are your wounds all right?"
"Huh? Oh, yeah, it's fine. I feel good, and I can still use my circuits."
"...I see. That is good."

Apparently having run out of things to talk about, Saber awkwardly ends the conversation.

"......"
We've been like this for an hour since we came home.
We don't have the composure to be celebrating Tohsaka's safety, nor did we celebrate our reunion.

The situation isn't good at all.
The last Servant, Gilgamesh.
As long as he has the Holy Grail, we have to fight him.

...We don't have any plans to beat him. The more we think about it, the more we realize it's hopeless.
It's only natural for us to grow quiet.


But I don't think that's the only reason we're quiet.
...This is probably the end.
This will be the last time we will go into battle like this.
No matter what the results may be, what awaits us does not change.

The Holy Grail War will end.
After thatthe three of us won't be able to talk like this.

Looking back, it was only a course of about ten days.
I never had time to think back about what happened the day before, and I was too busy with all the events that came up one after another.
...But they weren't just painful events.
Looking back at it, these past ten days are precious memories that can't be replaced.


That's why we're keeping our mouths shut.
We don't want to admit the obvious truth.

The decision should be clear to all of us already.
We can't say it because we don't want to end it like this.

"Then I'll say it.
 I'm going to avenge Archer. He betrayed me and he was a twisted guy, but he's Shirou."

Tohsaka has made up her mind.
She says that she will fight Gilgamesh.
She clearly states that she will end this fight.

"How about you, Shirou? I'll have Saber come with me no matter what, but I can't force you to fight since you're not a Master.
 It seems that goldie really hates you, so I think he'll go after you first if we fight him."

Maybe Tohsaka's trying to be considerate by offering me an escape.
But I'm already determined.
I can't let Gilgamesh be.
I intuitively know that the Holy Grail shouldn't exist.
But there's a bigger reason for me not to back out of this.

You defeat him.
He left those words and let me survive instead of him.
...The man who only denied Emiya Shirou.
As I have made him admit his defeat, my path is determined.

"I'm going to defeat him. I chose to fight. He'll complain to me unless I keep my word until the very end."

"...I see. I won't stop you if that's what you decided."
"Yeah. And I can't just ignore the Holy Grail.
 If the Holy Grail is what he says it is, we have to destroy it. We'll completely destroy it so something like this will never happen again."


Saber has fought with the objective of obtaining the Holy Grail.
Her hesitation and reluctance aren't easily overcome. But still...

"I understand.
 If the Holy Grail is what Gilgamesh says it is, it should not exist in this world."
She kills her wish and assents.

"All right!"
I get up and head to the kitchen.
I put on the apron.
I tie it behind my back and roll up my sleeves.

"S-Shirou?"
"W-What? Did you come up with a good idea?"
"Huh? No, I'm just going to make something. You two are hungry, right?"

I ignore the astonished party and start preparing dinner.

"It's all decided. Now, we just need to act like always.
 We'll eat dinner together and go beat him after that."

I take out a bowl and a frying pan.
I'll use everything I have in the refrigerator.
I'll forget about everything tonight. I'll make a delicious feast.

"You are right. Let us eat dinner like always. That suits us."
"Yeah. Then I guess I'll help as well. Oh, Saber. Can you go prepare the bath?"

The serious atmosphere disappears like that.
The living room suddenly becomes more lively.
This will be the last night with the three of us.
We're doing our best to keep it like always and to have a good dinner.

So.
After eating dinner consisting of Western, Chinese, and Japanese food, we start the customary strategy meeting.

"So you are saying the Holy Grail is at the Ryudou Temple?"
"Yup. I guessed that the Ryudou Temple would be the summoning spot this time. I was using a familiar to spy on that place, but it was eliminated just a bit earlier. I'm sure that the goldie is there."

"...Ryudou Temple... That is troublesome.
 We can only enter that mountain through the front gate. Gilgamesh should be waiting for us there."

"Yeah. But on the other hand, it's easier on us because we know where he is.
 He's troublesome, but stopping the summoning of the Holy Grail takes priority.
 It would be ideal if we can destroy the Holy Grail while Saber keeps him busy."

"Hold on. Isn't Saber the only one who can destroy the Holy Grail? We can't touch it, right?"

"Right. We can't destroy the summoned Holy Grail. But we can destroy the vessel before it's summoned.
 To be more precise, we're stopping the Holy Grail before it's activated."

"Hm? What do you mean by stopping the Holy Grail?"

"...I really don't want to think about it, but from what I heard, the Holy Grail is Ilyasviel's heart, right?
 But I think the Holy Grail is a set with Ilyasviel's body, her Magic Circuit.
 He didn't want Ilyasviel to be the Holy Grail, so he pulled out the core of it, her heart."

"......So.
 He has to implant the heart into a magus's body to activate it as the Holy Grail. There are only two remaining Masters: me, and one other.
 Since I'm here, the one he will choose to be the foundation of the Holy Grail is"

"Shinji...!? But Shinji, um..."

"Doesn't have a Magic Circuit, right? ...I bet he doesn't care.
 He wants to make an incomplete Holy Grail, so I'm sure he'll implant it into an incomplete Master."

"...Even if its bloodline is extinct, the Matou family has hereditary traces of Magic Circuits.
 Even a closed circuit will be forced to open if something like a nuclear fusion reactor is implanted into him."


...Then that would mean we'll have to detach the Holy Grail from Shinji, huh?
I don't know what it means to be the Holy Grail's foundation, but, if possible, we'll have to stop it.

"But I do not think Gilgamesh will allow that.
 Does it not mean that stopping the Holy Grail is to defeat Gilgamesh?"
"...Yeah. It's obvious that he's protecting the Holy Grail, so we have to do something about him first."

"Yeah. I think he's waiting for us at the mountain gate. The only route we have is the mountain gate because our greatest force, Saber, can only enter through there.
 So"

"...I see.
 I will rush the mountain gate by myself.
 Rin and Shirou will sneak into the Ryudou Temple from the back while I do so.
 The boundary field on the Ryudou Temple is meaningless for you two."

"Exactly. ...You will need to give your absolute best, but just keep him busy. We'll come help you as soon as we stop the Holy Grail."
"Hold on. That's reckless. Saber won't be a match for him.
 She can't keep him busy."

"Huh? What? You seem to think pretty highly of him, Shirou."
"True. He is a strong enemy, but I will not lose easily if I go into defense.
 Please tell me what that opinion is based on."

"Oh, that's not what I meant. From what I see, Saber's stronger than him.
 I'm sure of it. I'll bet on it too."

"...? Then why are you saying that?"

"You can't beat him as long as you're a heroic spirit.
 ...Yeah, Saber won't lose if he only had the same Noble Phantasm as Saber. We don't even need to compare the two's skills as swordsmen."

"But his power isn't power as an 'individual'. A soldier can't beat war itself no matter how strong he is, right?
 He's a heroic spirit of that kind. You'll be defeated unless you're a 'war' just like him."

"......? ...So you are telling me that my attributes are not fit to fight him?"

"Yeah. Tohsaka, we can't let Saber fight him without a plan. There's no way she can win unless we have some sort of a countermeasure."
"Hey... I know that already.
 That's why we're going to think about it now."

"Hm. Then you have a plan, Rin?"

"Hey now. I won't conveniently come up with an idea in a flash.
 His Noble Phantasm is a war, like Shirou said.
 The outcome of a war is decided by how much force you have, right? It's not how well you can handle the weapon. It's how much force you can prepare"

"......? What's wrong, Tohsaka? Why did you shut up all of a sudden?"
"...I see. That's why he treated you like an enemy. Since the heroic spirit doesn't have his own Noble Phantasm, there is no original. Oh... wait. That means..."

"...Rin? What is wrong? Why are you behind me?"
"I-It's nothing...! I'm going to think, so just talk it over with just the two of you...!"

"...?"
Saber and I look at each other.
...Well, I'll leave her alone if she has an idea.

"...Then I should avoid fighting Archer one-on-one, correct?
 But I have backup from Rin.
 I can use my Noble Phantasm with her support. I believe there is a chance of beating him before he can use his Noble Phantasm."

"Your Noble Phantasm...? Not Invisible Air?"
"No. Invisible Air is only a sheath.
 I can use my holy sword if Rin allows it.
 This is the sword that previously destroyed the Holy Grail.

"I see. Then it'll all be up to Tohsaka?"
"Yes. There will be a big burden on me as well as Rin if I use it. I will probably use up most of her magical energy."

"Did you hear that, Tohsaka? How much magical energy can you spare?"

"M-Magical energy I can spare? How do you know what I'm thinking about...!?"
"Huh?"

"...N-No, it's nothing. I told you to leave me alone. I know about Saber's Noble Phantasm.
 She should be able to use it twice with our magical energy.
 We're going to use it once against the Holy Grail, so you can only use it once against Gilgamesh."

"...I see. Um, Saber. That's what Tohsaka's saying, so what do you think?"

"...I do not know. If Archer has every existing Noble Phantasm, he should have one that can equal mine. After that, it depends on whose is stronger."

"...I see. So it's going to end up being a fight between the Noble Phantasms, huh?"
...Then Gilgamesh is likely to win.
I can't let Saber fight such a hopeless battle

Man, I can't think!
She's been acting strange.
Why does she keep on looking at me like that?

"Hey, Tohsaka. Come out with it if you want to say something. You have an idea, right?"
"I-I don't have an idea! I can't say such a thing here, you idiot!"

She yells at me and looks away awkwardly.

"......Shirou?"
"No, it's nothing. She's acting weird, so let's ignore her and keep planning."

We continue with the strategy meeting with just the two of us.
...But as our "brain", Tohsaka, won't talk, we can't come up with anything.

"We can go with the previous plan if you guys can't come up with anything.
 We'll head out before dawn. Everybody is to rest until then."
Our course of action is decided by Tohsaka.

Some time passed after that.
It's almost midnight.

"......"
Tohsaka told me I should take a nap, but I can't sleep in a situation like this.
We're going to settle our score with that Servant in a few hours.
Since we are heading out before dawn, everything should be over by the time the sun rises.

"........."
I can't just lay here and not do anything.
I
"Yeah. I can't sleep in this situation."
A plan against Gilgamesh.
If we are to fight that cold-hearted enemy, I'll have to come up with some plan.

Someone will die if we head to the Ryudou Temple as we are now.
Compared to that, thinking until the very last minute is nothing.

"Are you awake, Tohsaka?"
I knock on her door.

"......! H-Hold on! Don't come in!"
......Hm.
I thought Tohsaka would be sleeping, but I guess she's still awake.

More importantly, she's in a panic.
After a few minutes of rustling sounds...
She must have calmed down.
After taking a breath I can hear even outside, Tohsaka opens the door.

"So, what?"
Tohsaka glares at me as soon as she sees me.

"Well. I want to continue our conversation from earlier. I want to keep talking about how to fight Gilgamesh."

......Wait.
Why are you glaring at me?

"Tohsaka. Are you in a bad mood?"
I ask the obvious.
OF COURSE!
That's the obvious response she's going to give, but I have to ask.
But...

"...No. That's not true."
She gives a strange response.

"Tohsaka. Are you sick or something?"
"No! ...Geez, just sit down!
 I'm going to give you a plan to beat Gilgamesh since you can't come up with any!"

Tohsaka pulls me inside, locks the door, and walks to the back of the room.

"......?"
I move to the center of the room for now.
I sit down on the cushion and face Tohsaka, who is sitting in a chair.



And an awkward silence follows.
Tohsaka is silent even though she's the one with the plan.

"Tohsaka. About Gilgamesh..."
"...I know. You don't want Saber fighting him, right? You're especially kind to her."

"Hey, that's not the point here.
 I'm saying that we should switch the roles since Saber won't fare well against Gilgamesh. If Saber is defeated, you'll be his next target."

"......Humph. You say switch roles, so what are you thinking?
 I'm going to pass. That goldie used his riches to collect all the magic-resistant equipment in the world.
 I'll do much worse than Saber. That should be the same for you as well, right?"


That's... true, but...

...I can't get those eyes out of my head.
Archer definitely told me this.
That the golden Servant...
That only Emiya Shirou can match Gilgamesh.
I'll go talk to Saber.
...Even if we're able to defeat Gilgamesh, Saber will leave once the war ends.
Saber will destroy the Holy Grail herself and be relieved of her duty as a Servant.
I won't be able to see her ever again.

...A last conversation.
I want to save something between us before we go into our final battle.

"Shirou? Why are you here?"
"Oh, I just felt like coming to see you. Oh, am I a bother? Were you meditating in preparation for the battle?"

"Ehn-no. That is not true.
 I am happy since I wanted to see you as well, but... Um, I thought you went to Rin's room."

"...? Why would I go to Tohsaka's room? She didn't call for me."

"Y-You are right. Please do not worry about it since it was just my imagination.
 I-I thought that would be for the better, but I guess that was my concern."

"???"
Saber is acting even weirder.
...I don't know why, but I guess she'll blush even more if I let her be.

"What's wrong, Saber? You're acting weird.
 Did something happen?"

"I-I am not acting weird! I am merely resting in preparation for the battle.
 But what about you, Shirou? I thought you were going to sleep so that you can go to the Ryudou Temple in perfect condition."

"Hm."
If she asks me like that, I can't tell her it's because I wanted to see her face.

I can't tell her, so...
"...Hm, I couldn't sleep either. I just thought I'd drink tea with you since I'm awake.
 I think Tohsaka's busy, you know?"
I come up with an excuse on a whim.

"Tea...? Even though we will be fighting the king of heroes in a few hours?"

"Yeah. We can't rest because we're so tensed up, right?
 Then have tea with me. I'll make you the best tea."
I invite Saber by force.
My face is all red and it's embarrassing, but I want to drink tea with Saber.

"Yes. It will be my pleasure to have tea with you, Shirou."
Saber nods kindly.

If it's decided, I should hurry up.
I'll go to the kitchen, brew the Chinese tea I bought for a special occasion, and I'll treat Saber

So.
We didn't do anything but drink the tea.
We didn't talk, not even a single word.
We just absent-mindedly stared at the dojo.
We watched the wooden floor we used to train on.

"Shirou. Please go see Rin. Knowing her, I am sure she has her new idea thought out."
"Oh, really? I guess I'll go if you say so."
I get up and leave the dojo.

"I shall see you later, Shirou."
"Yeah. I'm gonna go check on your foul-tempered Master."

I leave the dojo while Saber sees me off.
That ends our final time together.
I didn't leave anything definite.
I couldn't make any sure promise, no sensations I would be able to recall, no proof at all of Saber's existence.

...But I think this is right.
What's left are memories that fade away.
So I'll cherish this trifling event and hold it strong in my heart.

"Hey. Are you awake, Tohsaka?"
I knock on the door.

"...I'm awake. Don't you have to sleep? I thought you were talking to Saber in the dojo until a minute ago."

"Oh, were you watching?
 ...I see, you can see the dojo from your room.
 You should've come, Tohsaka. It would've been better to have tea with the three of us."

"............That's fine.
 ............That's not fine at all.
 Well, come on in. I was about to go talk to you anyways."
Hmm. Those are surprisingly biting words.

"...All right. Excuse me."
I tilt my head in wonder as I enter her room.

"I guess you're pretty calm. What were you doing with Saber?"
Then.
Tohsaka glares at me the instant I see her.

"Oh. I was only drinking tea with her.
 We can't be training when we're going to be fighting soon. I can't use up extra energy."

"Extra energyy-you're right. We can't be using extra energy."
...Wait.
Why did she become so quiet?

"...Tohsaka. Are you in a bad mood?"
I ask the obvious.
OF COURSE!
That's the obvious response she's going to give, but I have to ask.
But...

"...No. That's not true."
She gives a strange response.

"Tohsaka. Are you sick or something?"
"No! ...Geez, just sit down!
 I'm going to give you a plan to beat Gilgamesh since you can't come up with any!"

Tohsaka pulls me inside, locks the door, and walks to the back of the room.
"......?"
I move to the center of the room for now.
I sit down on the cushion and face Tohsaka, who is sitting in a chair.



And an awkward silence follows.

"Tohsaka. About Gilgamesh..."
"...I know. You don't want Saber fighting him, right? You're especially kind to her."

"Hey, that's not the point here.
 I'm saying that we should switch the roles since Saber won't fare well against Gilgamesh. If Saber is defeated, you'll be his next target."

"......Humph. You say switch roles, so what are you thinking?
 I'm going to pass. That goldie used his riches to collect all the magic-resistant equipment in the world. I'll do much worse than Saber. That should be the same for you as well, right?"


That's... true, but...

...I can't get those eyes out of my head.
Archer definitely told me this.
That the golden Servant...
That only Emiya Shirou can match Gilgamesh.
...I'll think by myself for while.
I still have time.
I might come up with that Servant's weakness if I recall everything that happened during this Holy Grail War

"Huh......!?"
I jump up.

"......I can't believe it. I fell asleep."
I probably fell asleep because I could not think of anything.
I fell asleep, and before I noticed

"......Oh. Good, it's not even one o'clock yet. I only slept for about half an hour."
I couldn't imagine my embarrassment if Tohsaka had to come wake me up after I'd slept all night.

"That was close... I can't let Tohsaka see me like thi"
"......Shirou, are you awake?"
"T-T-T-Tohsaka......!?"

I get up, suppressing my pounding heartbeat.

"I-I'm awake! I'm totally awake!"
I reply while trying to make myself look straight.

"I see. Then can you come to my room? I have something important to talk about."
...Then.
Tohsaka goes back to her room without noticing how sleepy I sound.
"......?"
I don't get it, but I should go see her if she has something to talk about.

"Excuse me. So, what do you want to talk about?"
"............"
What's going on?
Tohsaka glares at me the instant I see her.

"Tohsaka. Are you in a bad mood?"
I ask the obvious.
OF COURSE!
That's the obvious response she's going to give, but I have to ask.
But...

"...No. That's not true."
She gives a strange response.

"Tohsaka. Are you sick or something?"
"No! ...Geez, just sit down!
 I'm going to give you a plan to beat Gilgamesh since you can't come up with any!"

Tohsaka pulls me inside, locks the door, and walks to the back of the room.

"......?"
I move to the center of the room for now.
I sit down on the cushion and face Tohsaka, who is sitting in a chair.



And an awkward silence follows.

"Tohsaka. About Gilgamesh..."
"...I know. You don't want Saber fighting him, right? You're especially kind to her."

"Hey, that's not the point here.
 I'm saying that we should switch the roles since Saber won't fare well against Gilgamesh. If Saber is defeated, you'll be his next target."

"......Humph. You say switch roles, so what are you thinking?
 I'm going to pass. That goldie used his riches to collect all the magic-resistant equipment in the world.
 I'll do much worse than Saber. That should be the same for you as well, right?"


That's... true, but...

...I can't get those eyes out of my head.
Archer definitely told me this.
That the golden Servant...
That only Emiya Shirou can match Gilgamesh.
"...Tohsaka. Don't get mad and hear me out.
 I'm going to fight..."
"You're going to fight him, right?
 ...Oh, so you realized it too, huh? Gilgamesh's natural enemy is Archer's magic."

"Huh?"
I open my mouth in surprise.
"Huh? ...You said you're going to fight him when you haven't realized that?"

"UhI didn't have any proof, but I thought that I might have the best luck against him."

".....Oh. I don't know who told you that, but you're right.
 What makes Gilgamesh so strong is the number of Noble Phantasms he has. But to put it another way, one can match him if one has the same number of Noble Phantasms."

"The same number of Noble Phantasms..."
It means I need to reproduce all the Noble Phantasms he takes out.

"...That's right. He was calling you guys fakers. That's probably because he saw you two as a threat. Heroic spirit Emiya would be a complete match for him."

That's true, but...

"...But that's impossible.
 I can barely manage to project one of Archer's swords.
 I can't keep up with his Noble Phantasms, and I don't have enough magical energy to do so."

"That's if your magic is just like it was until now.
 But you remember what Archer's Noble Phantasm was, right?
 You can match Gilgamesh if you can use that magicthat Reality Marble."

Tohsaka stares at me.
But I can't live up to her expectation.

"That's impossible. The Reality Marble is the ultimate forbidden magic. I don't know how to use it, and Archer used magical energy several times my capacity to create that world. That's totally impossible."

"...Yeah. I know it's impossible.
 But you should know how to use it because all your magic is rooted in that.
 'Strengthening' and 'projection' both stem from your Reality Marble.
 I'm sure it'll be a piece of cake once you have the necessary magical energy."


She's talking about impossible things.
I have no way to do it, so this is more impossible than for me to go to the moon.

"......Okay. Let's say that's the case. But it's still impossible. I don't have the magical energy to set up the boundary field or maintain it.
 He must have trained his Magic Circuit for a long time, but I don't have the magical energy"

"I know.
 So, um... See, Gilgamesh said it too, right? Magi take it from somewhere else if they can't supply it themselves."
She murmurs.

"...? He did say something like that, but what about it?"
"Geez! ...So, um, I have to do something about the insufficient part."

Tohsaka blushes furiously, her voice trailing off to a whisper.

"W"
I know.
I'm a magus, even if I may be an amateur.
I know what Tohsaka just said.

"TTohsaka, that's..."
"...There are only a few ways for magi to tune in, right? We're of the opposite sex and we don't have time, so it's the most efficient way since it's like a contract..."

So.
I'm going to have sex with Tohsaka to connect with her so that I can use her magical energy.

"...Ah, uh?"
My head explodes.
My memory of the past few days gets blown away once I think about what Tohsaka said.

It's Tohsaka we're talking about.
She's a female student I admired, recently got close to, realized her honor student appearance is fake, got attracted to her even more anyway, and my heart won't stop beating rapidly when I'm near her... So why did it turn out like this?

"...What? We're just going to be having sex. I think it's much easier than fighting with your life on the line."
Y-YOU IDIOOOOOOOT!!!!
PUTTING MY LIFE ON THE LINE IS MUCH, MUCH EASIER!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"H-HOLD ONNNNNNN!!
 That's strange. That's weird. You skipped too much. H-Heh, you won't trick me this time. You already made too much fun of me. I won't be fooled so easily!"

Tohsaka is staring at me.
Her gesture is more convincing than any words.

"Ah, guh"
My boiling head is heated up even more.
Tohsaka's gesture is so unfair that it deserves dozens of yellow cards in soccer.
"Guhhold on, hold on, hold on, hold on......!
 Why does it have to be that!? It's sex we're talking about! We're making love, we're making babies, and we're going to be embracing each other naked!? You can't do that with me!"
I blurt out with a broken head.
My hands are sweating and my vision blurs.
But still...
Even though that's what I'm saying, my body is going against my will.
I've been trying so hard not to notice, but I can't get my eyes off of Tohsaka.

Like her soft-looking breasts.
Like her long, smooth, black hair.
Like her shoulders that look slender and soft.
Like her gorgeous thighs coming out from under her skirt.
I'm fascinated by all of her feminine parts
"............"
She looks at me.
"Ahuhh."
...I know.
We should do this if it'll help us match Gilgamesh and keep Saber out of danger.
We're magi, so we shouldn't have to think twice about doing this to win.
But

I gulp.
I frantically restrain myself with my reasoning.

But still...
"......You don't want to do it with me, Shirou?"
Wait, why are you asking such an impossible thing, you idiot...!?

"That's not true...! There's no way I wouldn't want to do it with you!"
As I speak, I realize my own stupidity.
Tohsaka has to be embarrassed as well.
But she suppressed it to bring up the idea.
That's enough to kill me, so why am I making her say such a thing?


I take a deep breath.
I have to be calm.
If this is the last thing we can do, I have to prepare myself.

"I'm sorry. Let us do so if you'll let me.
 I shouldn't have panicked if that's the only way that'll let us beat him."
I stare back at Tohsaka, mustering all the courage I have.

"...I'm the one who should apologize. I didn't think you would dislike it so much.
 ...I should have explained to you in detail."
Tohsaka looks down awkwardly.
With that...

"No. It's not that I didn't want to."
I correct her even though I'm cornered.

"Huh...?"
"I'm saying you're wrong. I like you and it's not that I don't want to. I can't breathe because I'm so happy. This is like a dream come true."

"Butthat's exactly why I didn't want this to be for something like a contract."

My face is burning.
My face is burning hot, but I manage to say it.

"...Um, that's..."
"Yeah. I wanted to do it with you with nothing else in the way. So I thought this was unfair."

I said it.
I said it with a boiling head.
I can't think straight, but I'm telling the girl in front of me how I feel.


...Her stare is hurting me.
"............"
It gets awkward, so I look away from Tohsaka and scratch my cheek.
Then.
"Wha"
Something suddenly touches my lips.

"Heehee. I just kissed you."
"......!!!? T-T-Tohsaka...!?"
I quickly pull back.
I must have acted funny, because the one who kissed me...

"Okay. Then let's do it with nothing else in the way."
...Speaks with a smile that rattles my brain
"What is that?"
The first thing Saber sees after getting to the lake is a giant mountain of meat.

She is not a normal knight.
She fought many monsters back when she was called a hero.
She has even fought "dragons", considered the strongest of the fantasy races.
But even Saber falters against the mountain of meat.
It is not because of its ugliness.
It is because she can tell that the lump of meat and the curse flowing out of it are the same as her.

"A Servantcan a Servant turn out to be that different if the summoning is done in the wrong way?"
Or is that the power of the Holy Grail?
She stares at it and shakes her head.

"Rin...! Where are you, Rin...!?"
She runs to the lake and yells to the other side.
She is hesitant to enter the black mud.
It is not because it would be unpleasant.
Her instincts tell her that as a half-spirit, she cannot touch it.

"!?"
She hears a voice.
It is weak, but she hears her Master.
She looks at the mountain of meat and
"Rin......!?"
She steps forward without hesitation.

'Hold on...! No, don't come in, Saber...!'
"......!"
Saber stops.
She stops her feet and glares at the mountain of meat while holding up her sword.

"But Rin...!"
'Just don't...! You'll turn into this if you touch the mud. Please stay there and get ready to use your Noble Phantasm. This thing will explode soon. Use your Noble Phantasm on this before that...!'
Saber cannot nod to her master's words.
...She can tell that the lump of meat is about to hatch.
The squirms are turning into throbs and the mud is spreading ever further.

The lake has turned black, and the mud is spilling onto the ground.
...That thing is growing.
The world's restraining power will be activated if that thing is left alone.
It is natural for her to destroy it with her holy sword.
But to do that
"Please get out, Rin...! I can do it once you get out!"

'...Yeah. All right, I'll leave it to you. But go ahead and use it if I don't make it out on time.
 ...The contract between us will go away, but you should be fine if Shirou is alive.'
"Do not say such a thing...! I do not care. I can handle this curse"
Saber runs to the black mud so she can get to that lump of meat.
But her body does not move.
Her body stops when she tries to go near the lake.

"Rin, did you use the Command Spell?"
'...Of course. I can't let the only one who can destroy the Holy Grail die.
 I told you it's all good. I'll easily get out from here. You can rest assured and stand by with your Noble Phantasm.'

She sounds calm and composed, like always.
"Rin."
But it does not need to be said that it is just a bluff.
The island of meat on the other side...
There is nowhere for her Master to run.

"Yeah, right. Well, talk is cheap."
She murmurs while being surrounded by arms made out of the meat.
The situation is hopeless.
Matou Shinji was saved.
...She ripped off the blood vessels and nerves connected to the meat to let Shinji out.
One can say he's "alive", ignoring all the after-effects he may have.
No, he looks like he is just unconscious, so one could say that he is healthier than the girl carrying him.

"...The problem is after that. I guess it would be desperate if it gets its heart taken away. Will it let me go if I give Shinji back?"
She slowly moves while she stares at the numerous tentacles.
But there is no exit.
The tentacles are blocking the way out to the lake.
Even if she escapes the tentacles trying to swallow her, she will not be able to get past that wall.

"......Crap, my powers..."
She almost falls along with Shinji, but she desperately keeps herself up.
She went through the cursed sea and even performed neurosurgery to separate Matou Shinji from the mountain of meat.
She went as far as using her reserve magical energy that she hadn't used for ages, but

"...Guh... That idiot. He took too much of my magical energy without any reserve. ...I'm all empty now thanks to him..."
She bears the dizziness as she complains.
But she's not serious.

And it wouldn't matter even if she did have more power.
The tentacles around her are not moving because their target is standing still.
They should react right away once they find out that the thing in their body is poison.
Tohsaka Rin and Matou Shinji are alive because they do not have magical energy to be consumed.

"......! ...But I guess this is it... It's getting hard for me to stay standing"
Her vision becomes hazy.
Even though she has a foothold, she is still on the mud.
Her nerves are getting further infiltrated with each passing second.
She will become the new core of the Holy Grail if she falls down onto the meat.

But before that...
"...I'm sorry, Saber. You probably won't obey me, so I'll force you to do it."
She has one more Command Spell.
That's enough for her to order Saber to use her holy sword.

"......And I have to apologize to you too.
 I couldn't... save... Shinji"

'Just run. I do not want to hear such whining.'

"What?"
She stops her collapsing body.
That voice.
The voice coming into her head is definitely that of the Servant she has made a contract with.

"Wai"
There's no time to waste.
She knows his personality all too well.
He told her to run, so he must have done something that she won't escape unless she does as she's told!

"......!!!!!!"
She runs.
The arrows coming down from the sky are literally a heavy rain.
They destroys the tentacles, the ground, and everything in her path!

"Ah, ku!"
There is no time to turn back.
She runs full-speed while carrying Shinji.

"!"
She jumps into the lake.
The arrows have swept the black mud away to make her an escape route.
It is only for a short while, but there is only dirty water between her and the opposite shore.

"Hah, hah!"
She runs across the lake while carrying Matou Shinji.
She runs with all her might, mud splashing around her.

"Please, Saber...!"
Her magical energy replies to the yelling voice.
There is no need to check.
The golden sword mows down everything in its path with its overwhelming power.
The mountain of meat is cut in half and breaks down.
The black mud evaporates, and the light turns the lake into a flat field.

It is a waterfall of light that eliminates everything.
She looks for it inside the light.
The red cloak...
The knight that she first made a contract with, who came back to fulfill his role.

It is a waterfall of light that eliminates everything.
Bathed in the light, the swordsman accepts that her battle has ended.

"This is the end. My battle is over."
Who did she say that to?
The wielder of the holy sword is on her knees and watches the light with a flood of emotions.

The Holy Grail is breaking down.
The thing she sought, the thing that should have saved her.
She destroyed it with her own hands and finally realized her mistake.
One boy and one hero.
The man that got twisted at the end of his ideal was still a boy.

His regrets are so heavy that they cannot all be carried.
His crimes are so deep that they cannot be atoned for.
But there was something he did not give up on.
The knight in red finally arrived at an answer at the very end.
Thenshe has to move forward as well.
The end where she took her hands off of the sword.
She will run past that hill under her own will.

"The contract is complete. You are victorious, Rin."
The holy sword fades away.
She still has some magical energy left.
She can stay in this world if she pushes herself.
If she canshe would like to see what awaits them in the end.

"But that is not my role. Shirou has Rin."
Her body continues to disappear and the knight vanishes from this world as if engulfed by the light.

Like a brave gust of wind.
The king that sought the Holy Grail sets off for the hill of destiny without leaving a trail of memories behind.
"Hah!"
I oppose the longsword with a longsword.
The swords break each other and the shards are sent flying.

"Damn, do not"
A curved sword appears behind him.
"...Overestimate yourself, kid!"
But I pull out the curved sword by my feet faster than him.
And I swing it straight at him!

"!"
Gilgamesh retreats.
I close the distance at once, pull out a sword, and slash at him.

"Guh, why...!
 Why am I losing to a lowlife's sword...!?"
I crash my swords against the appearing Noble Phantasms.

"HaaHaa, haa, haa, ha!"
I'm not thinking.
My body and mind will fail if I stop.
That's why I will keep moving forward.
The instant I see his Noble Phantasm, I reel in the exact same one and swing it with all my might!

"Impossibleam I being cornered by such a sham...!?"

"Fuh, hah!"
The sounds of swords crashing echo through the area.
He cannot handle my attacks and has to destroy my weapon with his.

That will be the cause of his defeat.
He is the greatest heroic spirit, as he has over a thousand Noble Phantasms at his leisure.

But he is only an "owner".
He does not have one weapon, so he is not a "wielder" who can use his weapon to its maximum potential.

Even in this world, I am no match against any other Servants.
I cannot match the ultimate one even with infinite swords.
Gilgamesh must have the ability, but I do not.

Thereforethis is the only Servant I can match.
As we have the same ability, as we are both "owners", I am always one step ahead of him since my swords are there, ready to be used...!

"DamnDamn, damndamndamndamn...!!! I did not think I would have to use my sword against a lowlife like you...!"
Gilgamesh raises his hand.
The sword appearing behind him is the demonic sword, the only sword that does not exist in this world!

"I won't let you!"
"Gah!?"
I swing my twin swords.
The Kanshou and Bakuya I reel in slice off Gilgamesh's arm that tries to reach for his sword!

"Wha"
The weapons stop.
His arm and sword fall to the ground, leaving him defenseless.

"Haa!"
My body acts before I can think.
Confident in my victory, my limbs move to slash the king of heroes

"!"
He jumps back.
Barely avoiding the twin swords, Gilgamesh retreats still further.

"Kuhyou are stronger than me here...!"
Gilgamesh admits his defeat and tries to retreat.

"I won't let"
I won't let him escape.
I'll lose if he regains his composure. I have to settle the match right here!
"...You go, dammit!"

"Damn!"
He must have realized he will not be able to escape, as he pulls out a Noble Phantasm from behind him.
But I'm faster.
I'll surely

"Huh?"
"What
?"
Our voices overlap.
The change happens in an instant.

The light coming from the lake eliminates the hill of swords.
A great magical energy has smashed away the already-disappearing Reality Marble.

That's fine.
The match is settled.
I can beat this Servant by slashing him with my twin swords.
But after the Reality Marble is blown away...

A black void.
A void big enough to swallow a human being.
It appears before meright on Gilgamesh.

"What?"
Gilgamesh looks down at his body in astonishment.
...His body is being swallowed.
The golden Servant is swallowed by the void appearing on his body.

"Wa"
Did he want to say "wait"?
The void mercilessly swallows the Servant.
...There was no way for him to escape.
The void was open on his body.
There is no way one can escape something that is on their body.

"What was that...?"
I stand there, dumbfounded.
The void in front of me is shrinking.

...I don't know what this is.
But it seems Tohsaka and Saber were able to destroy the Holy Grail.
My only guess is that the aftereffect created the black void to eliminate Gilgamesh.

"......Phew. Anyway, now..."
Everything is over.
My twin swords disappear.
The magical energy in me fades away.
"Ohcrap."
And at the same time, fatigue assails me.
"...Damn. This is bad, I can't walk."
I want to go see how Tohsaka's doing, but my body will not move.
...Well, I'm sure she'll be all right since Saber went to go save her.
"Right. I guess..."
I can rest a bit.
And after I take a deep breath...
"What!?"
A chain wraps around my arm.

"......!"
I gasp.
The chain drags my body towards the void.

"Ah, kuh...!"
I put power into my body, but I can't resist.
My feet slide across the ground towards the void...!

"Kufool. Does it not know Servants cannot become the core......!?"
"You...!"

He's appearing from the void.
Buthis body has melted here and there.
So that void must melt everything it swallows......!

"Guh, damn...!"
I try to get the chain off of me, but it doesn't even budge.
This chain even restrained Berserker. It's not something I can pry off...!

"Ah, guh"
I'm being pulled towards it...!
I'll be swallowed like him if I go near that void...!

"Damn, are you trying to take me with you...!"
"Hah, I have no intention of dying...!!
 Stay right there until I pull myself out, you lowlife!"
"You..."
He's arrogant even in this situation...!

"Ohdamn"
But what can I do?
I can't get this chain off of me.
I'll be swallowed into that void along with him.
Even if I hold my ground, he'll pull himself out.

It means I'm going to die either way
If I'm going to die either way, I can't let him escape...!
"No way"
I wrap the chain further around my arm.
I grab onto the chain so that it won't let me go.
"Don't come out into this world again...!"
I don't resist the pull and throw my body into the void.
"Foolare you insane......!!!!?"
I roll down.
I fall into the eternal darkness while my body is being melted away.

A black mud that melts my skin, shaves off my flesh, and removes my bones.
My body is taken away and the soul called Emiya Shirou falls into the darkness.

Is it because the fall was so long?
I feel like I'm going up after a while, and...
I'm swallowed by a big, grail-like sun.
"......! Haa"
I feel dizzy.
I can't brace myself anymore.
...I'll die.
I can't endure it at the very end.
Should I loosen up since I can't brace myself?
If I do so, I should be able to push him back into the void

"Don't take me so lightly...! I won't let you take me with you...!"
I gather my courage.
Will my arm rip off first, will his chain rip off first, or will he come out first?
I don't care either way. I'll fight until the very end and die gallantly...!

"...Heh. You can do that if you wish, but dodge to your right before you do that."

"Huh?"
I turn around instantly.
I look back at the compound which has turned into a flat field.
At the same time, something passes by me.

"YouArcher..."
...The chain is released.
Looking like he saw something unexpected, Gilgamesh lets go of the chain.


I fall on my butt.
I sit there dumbfounded, and the void shrinks and disappears in front of me.

"That... was"
I can't stand up, and just look behind me to the flat field.
Dawn is near.
The one with the rising sun behind him is the knight in red.

"Damnshow-off."
I complain without thinking.
But I'm smiling happily for some reason.

"Heh. Well..."
I have nothing to say to him. I guess I'll stay quiet so I can sleep.

A golden field that is now deserted.
Seeing the knight standing there and Tohsaka running to him, I lay on the ground.
Tohsaka should say everything I want to say to him.

So I'll sleep for now.
We'll end up fighting if we see each other again, and I'm not used to parting with myself.

...And for the final time...
I engrave my ideal into my mind so that I won't forget it, and I close my eyes.

The land below him is like a wasteland he once walked on.
There is nothing here.
There is nothing, as everything was blown away from the mountaintop.
The battle has ended.

The battle for the Holy Grail has ended, and the curtain is about to fall on his battle as well.
He does not know how long it was.
But the accumulated wish that should have bound him forever is gone now.
The end quickly permeates into him and takes away his body's form.

"Archer...!"
He looks towards the voice.
She should not have the energy to run, but she is running with ragged breathing.
He watches it in silence.

"Haa, haa, haa, ha......!"
The girl that ran up to him looks up at the knight.

The red cloak fluttering in the wind shows no trace of what it used to be.
The cloak is cut everywhere, and his armor is cracked and torn.
His existence is weak.
Standing there haughtily, the knight begins to disappear from his feet up.

"Ar... cher..."
The rising sun is in the distance.
A golden light is emerging from the horizon.

"Too bad. Well, that's what happened. Give up this Holy Grail, Rin."
He must not have anything special to say.
The knight in red says trivial things.


That gets to her all the more.
The knight who is about to disappear is still acting like before.
He is her partner that she spoke cynically with, ran through the battles with, and trusted her back to.
She can declare that those days were "fun".

And it is still there before her eyes.
He has remained in this world to save her at the last moment.
He lost his Master and received the king of heroes' Noble Phantasms.
His body was disappearing, but he did not come to her and ask for help, and he instead watched over this battle.
And the end is in front of her.

"Archer."
The girl cannot think of what to say.
It is always like this for her at the most crucial times.
She loses her cleverness when it counts the most.

"Ha"
The knight smiles a bit.
He knew that from the start.
The clumsiness of the girl is a dear memory for the knight.

"W-What? You don't have to laugh at me at a time like this!"
She looks up at the knight.
"Oh, excuse me. It's because you look so terrible.
 I was just amazed at how worn-out we are."
He smiles while he talks.


She gets a lump in her throat after seeing his regret-free face.
The instant she wonders if he should really disappear...
"Archer. Form a contract with me again."
She says something she shouldn't.

"I cannot do that. I do not know if you will keep your contract with Saber, but I am not qualified for that.
 And I do not have a goal anymore. My battle ends here."
His reply is free of doubt and his will is strong.
His face is as bright as the rising sun, and how can she force him when he's making a face like that?

"......But! But...
 You"
'won't be saved'.
The girl swallows her words and hangs her head.
That is not something the girl should say. And it's not something that is solved by keeping the knight in this world.

"Man. I do not have any attachment to this world, but..."
It's troubling to have her cry.
For him, the girl always has to be a positive, indulgent realist.
He was always encouraged by her figure.
So he wants her to stay that way until the very end.

"Rin."
The girl looks up at the voice.
Her face looks cute, trying to hold back the tears.
Rather than expressing the attachment he feels, he looks at the boy lying in the distance.
"Please take care of me. I think you know, but I am unreliable.
 Please support me."
The knight says so as if it's somebody else's business.

Those are words of parting.
...The future might change.
If a girl like her stays with Emiya Shirou, the hero Emiya should not be born.
His words contain such hope.

"Ar... cher..."
...But even if it ends up that way, the already existing knight will forever be a guardian.
The boy and the man are two different existences.
They only have the same starting point, and he is an ideal that the boy dreamed of.

"!"
...There is no salvation available for this knight.
There is nothing to give to him, as he has already died and become a phenomenon.
She nods in spite of that.
She cannot give him anything, so she will give him her best smile.
He asked her to take care of him.
She smiles so that she can answer the trust he put in her.
"Yeah, I know. I'll do my best. I'll do my best so that he won't get twisted like you. I'll do my best so that he will be able to like himself...!
 So you should also"
forgive yourself.
She does not put it into words.
She looks up at the disappearing knight with a flood of emotions.

How much salvation did it bring?
After engraving the girl's smile into his memory with pride...

"I found my answer. It's fine, Tohsaka. I'll do my best from now on as well."

A breeze.
The knight has finally rested his wounded body, without waiting for the girl's reply.

"Heh. I never got to complain to you."
She wipes away her tears and talks to the one who is not there.
Her voice is clear, and the girl is standing firm again.
It is only natural.
She does not have time to be depressed after he made a face like that.
She says goodbye to the ground that the knight was standing on and runs to the boy laying on the ground.

Within the golden sunrise...
      The smile he had was like that of the boy.
Before that, there's just one more conversation.

Just as they exit the forest, and when the sky is beginning to lighten up...
Before they go to the church, she informs him of the fact she has kept hidden.

"I'll tell you right now. There is only 'one' of the pendant that you gave back to me."
She does not tell him what that means, and he does not inquire about it.
It is because such matters are unnecessary when they are about to face their greatest enemyCaster.

    The one and only pendant.
    The one he found in her room and returned to her.
    The one he found on that night and put into his desk.
    Now is not the time to ask about the contradiction.

"...That's all that I need to tell you.
 The pendant you found in my room is something Archer returned to me on the day you were attacked by Lancer.
 I thought he went and picked it up for me..."

The decisive battle is near.
       The tall church can be seen in the horizon.

Tohsaka says she wants to confirm one last time.
Our roles are already set.
Lancer will draw Archer and Saber away from Caster.
We will use that opening to attack Caster.

Lancer asks ironically if we would be able to beat her by ourselves. To that...
"...Yeah. I'm sure I can outwit Caster if I can fight one-on-one with her."
Tohsaka answers with confidence.

...I don't know what she means by outwitting her.
She didn't tell us even when we asked, so it must be a plan that will have a lower success rate if we know about it.

Then what I need to do is fulfill Tohsaka's demand.
With all my might, I will keep Kuzuki from protecting Caster.
If I need them, I will project his swords as many times as necessary.

...I close my eyes and dive inside myself.
The Magic Circuit inside of me is stable.
Magic beyond one's ability will destroy the caster.
Half of my body became numb the first time.
It was easy and nothing happened to me the second time.
There's no guarantee the third time will be the same, but I don't think it's a problem to project his swords.

My body is stable.
The Magic Circuit that was hard even to construct is easily activated now.
It's like there's a fake nerve behind my real nerves, and they are reversible with the push of a button.
I'm trying to convince myself that it's because I've gotten used to it.

I can easily prepare the swords.
Projection has become my primary weapon.
It's a big improvement over ten days ago.
It's not only my magic. My sword technique has improved as well.

"............"
The reason behind it...
No, I try not to think about the reason.
It's more important to beat Caster and take back Saber.

Asking myself stupid questions can come after the battle.
The headache gets stronger as I near the church.
It's just like when I was looking for Tohsaka, but I avoid thinking about that.

The morning light is gray.
The sun is blocked off by clouds, obscuring the dawn's brightness.
The sky above is gloomy.
The sky is more gray than black, and it reminds me of that time ten years ago.

It should rain soon.
An impure gray sky.
Beneath it stands that man.

"I knew you would come, considering your personality."
He stares at her with cool eyes.

Tohsaka doesn't say anything and stares back at him.

"So what is the plan you've prepared? You're not the type to come attack without one."
He sounds joyful.
To that, "Yeah. I'll be fighting you."
The spearman in blue answers as he appears next to Tohsaka.

"I'm surprised. You made a contract with a new Servant already?
 Man. I know I'm not one to talk, but you're pretty fickle. Switching sides may have been a good idea after all."
"!"

"...I don't care, Shirou. Don't let him provoke you."
She stops me, still staring at Archer.
...But it's obvious looking at her face.
She knows he's baiting her, but his words still hurt.

"...Heh. I didn't like you from the start, butit seems you're rotten to the core."

"Oh. Does betrayal irritate you, Lancer? And you're not even the one who got betrayed. How faithful of you."
"I'm not supporting the young lady over there.
 I just don't like Servants like you."

"A hero's pride, huh? ...Man, everyone says the same thing.
 Even Caster had such a ridiculous thing. What good is honor once you're dead?
 I honestly can't understand how you people think."

"You don't have to. I'll make it easy so you don't have to think about it."

There is no more need for words.
All that remains is the intent to kill, with Lancer's sharp and Archer's calm.


...They are about ten meters apart.
The confrontation of the knights in blue and red is just like that night.

"Lancer."
Tohsaka calls out to the blue back.

"You two go inside. I'll catch up once I beat him."
"...I know. But Lancer, Archer is..."
"Yeah, I'll go easy on him. I need him to crawl and beg your forgiveness."
He speaks without turning, grinning at Archer.

"Thanks.
 I'm glad you're the one who came to help us."

We go around the two as we head to the church.
The guard, Archer, lets us through unchallenged.
No, he has to let us through.

Archer is already confronting Lancer.
Lancer will pierce him if he lets us distract him.
He can either attack us and leave himself open to Lancer, or he can fight Lancer and let us go.
If he really is guarding this place, the choice should be obvious.

We run around the courtyard and open the door to the church without hesitation.
Behind us...

"Man, this is troublesome."
"What is, Lancer?"
"Well. I can't go easy after she makes a face like that.
 That's troubling, right? She's a great Master, but I'm not one that can readily betray my Master."

"...You are too easy-going, Lancer. Do you know the saying 'grass is always greener on the other side of the fence'?"
"Heh, what are you saying?
 There's no way I'd know such a phrase!"
"We don't have much time. We'll beat Caster before their match is decided."
"I know. Let's cut the talk from now on.
 Um, You're sure you're okay with fighting Caster alone, right?"

"Yeah. I'm sure I'll be thoroughly cornered, but don't help me. You can just concentrate on keeping Kuzuki-Sensei away as long as possible."
We go past the main area and head to the door leading to the courtyard.

I won't hesitate if Tohsaka says so.
...But I don't know if it's possible for me to back Tohsaka up, even if she's cornered.
My opponent is Kuzuki. I won't be able to dodge his attacks if I'm paying attention to Tohsaka.

Caster's presence is getting closer.
The church is filled with her magical energy as she must not be hiding her powers anymore.
I bet she already knows about our raid.

"Trace, on."
I carefully knit together the illusion using eight steps.
I'm getting the hang of it. His swords are in my hands within a minute.

"!"
I feel a light headache.
Even though I'm getting used to it, it takes a toll on my body.
Projection is damaging my body deeper than I realize.

"........."
"?"
Was it my imagination?
I think Tohsaka hung her head for a second.

We go down through the darkness.
We run down the stairs and come out into an open area.
And after that, we jump down into the temple like I did before.

"Oh. You guys are like monkeys, jumping down like that.
 I don't know why you're in such a hurry, but use the stairs if you're human."

We land in the temple.
This was supposed to be a surprise attack, but Caster greets us with composure.


Kuzuki Souichirou is standing next to Caster.
...I don't feel any enmity or bloodlust from him.
That's his battle posture. His clear murderous intent is hiding the scariness of that man.
In that regard, he's more like an assassin than Servant Assassin.

Saber is on top of the altar.
She's just like she was two days ago.
Saber hangs there, her head bowed.


I'm relieved we made it, but on the other hand, I'm worried about why she's so quiet.
I think Saber was in pain before.
She was shivering and gasping, resisting Caster's magic with all her might.
But she's dead silent now.

"........."
I have a bad feeling.
It's great that Assassin's not here, but if this bad feeling comes true, we won't get out of here alive

"I'm here, Caster. I thought about it thoroughly, but I've decided to have you eliminated.
 You're an eyesore, you get in my way, you annoy me, and I hate the way you look. You're like some backwoods hag with that purple robe of yours."

Tohsaka insults Caster, hoping to break her composure.
She slowly closes the distance between them as she talks, radiating confidence she probably doesn't feel.


...I shouldn't be concerned about Saber either.
Tohsaka is facing Caster by going counterclockwise, so I walk clockwise.
Caster and Kuzuki. If we are to separate them, we have to attack them from different sides and isolate our enemies.

"Heh. Letting you go seems to have given the wrong impression. Why are magi so reckless nowadays? No wonder Archer gave up on you."
Tohsaka's insults must have worked, as Caster is glaring at her.

I move while she does so.
I move to the other side of Tohsaka, to a place where I can attack Caster from behind.

Kuzuki watches me in silence.

......I thought so.
There's no way that this man would not notice our trick.
Kuzuki knows what's going on.
That we are trying to isolate our enemies and that Tohsaka has some plan.

Even with that in mind, he's letting Caster do as she wishes.
...It's not that Kuzuki is controlled by Caster.
He is acting of his own free will.
But stillhis passivity is like that of a puppet.

A Servant skilled in magic as the backup, and a Master skilled in hand-to-hand combat.
Their roles are reversed, and I think their natures are reversed as well.
Caster seeks the Holy Grail frantically, while the Master protects her without question.


That makes me think.
What if Caster was the Master and Kuzuki was the Servant who protected her? Maybe they wouldn't have fallen so low if that were the case.


Tohsaka glances at me.
It means our positions are perfect.
Thenthe match will be settled when either one of us attacks.
It doesn't matter if we get defeated or if Tohsaka beats Caster before that. Our fight will end right here.

"Well, let us start. This is the third time I've fought you. I'm getting tired of seeing your face, so I'll settle this right here."
Tohsaka takes a step towards Caster.

"You're talking big. I doubt this, but please do not tell me you honestly believe you can beat me.
 In that case, we don't even need to fight. I'll let you go again so that you can go fix that brain of yours.

"Of course I can beat you.
 Isn't that right? There's no way a first-class magus like me would lose to a third-class magus like you."

"I see. I guess it can't be helped.
 It seems I need to discipline that arrogant mouth of yours, little lady."

They get ready at the same time.
With a few meters between them, they act like mirror images.

That's the signal.
I attack the defenseless Caster...
"......!"
And of course, I'm stopped by Kuzuki.

...The ghost-like assassin is in front of me.
I can't spare any attention for Caster and Tohsaka's fight.
He knows what I intend to do.
He will not let me buy time.
Letting out the "snake" that even cornered Saber, Kuzuki Souichirou comes to take my life.

I can hold him off for a minute at most.
It should be the same for Tohsaka.
But originally, with our opponents reversed, we had no chance of victory.
Close-range fighting or magic, we have no way to beat our opponents who surpass us in skill.

But looking at it the other way, we can at least put up a fight.
Tohsaka would be killed in an instant if she fought Kuzuki.
I would be killed in an instant if I fought Caster.
In contrast, we might not be able to win, but we won't be killed in an instant with this match-up.

...So in other words.
This battle is not about how to beat one's opponent.
Instead, this is a contest to see how long we can hold off an opponent of superior skill.
The two weapons clash.
Twin swords and lance: the attacks are executed to take their wielders' necks.
There's no hesitation in those attacks.
Each strike is meant to kill.

Even Lancer makes no exceptions.
Even though he told Tohsaka Rin, his ally, that he would "go easy", that becomes secondary once the battle starts.
It merely means that if his lance happens to miss Archer's heart and if it does not kill him instantly, he will refrain from finishing Archer off on the spot.
Even in that case, his enemy will die in due time, but Lancer just needs to drag him to Tohsaka Rin before that happens.
Lancer does not care what happens after that.

"!"
The red demonic lance invades the enemy territory.
The lance breaks through Archer's defense each time it is thrust.
It is not like that night.
Archer cannot block Lancer's attacks now as he could then.

It is only natural.
This is their second battle.
Lancer was under the Command Spell's bind.
To learn his enemies' strengths, his Master told Lancer, "Fight against everyone. But do not defeat them. Survive your first battle against any opponent."
That is the only order he was given.
He has followed such an unreasonable command, and this is his first "battle without any binds".

Therefore, it cannot be like the last battle.
There is nothing binding Lancer, and Archer is now forced to fight the fastest heroic spirit.

"Guh!"
A strained voice escapes Archer's mouth.
Even his hawk-like eyes cannot follow Lancer's spear.
The lance's movement is a point to start with.
And it is a flash of light now.
He cannot discern the lance coming at him.
Even Lancer's movements are becoming invisible now.

"!"
He has been able to block such attacks until now because he had experienced them in a previous battle.
He is doing what he canusing his inferiority as a weapon to block Lancer's furious onslaught.
He is controlling where the attacks come.
The knight in red limits the oncoming attacks by leaving fatal openings.

Of course, he will die if he does not dodge the attacks.
But if he can choose between instant death and getting slowly cut up, he prefers to risk instant death.
Otherwise, it all will have been for nothing.
Fortunately, Lancer is still taking Archer lightly.
Or rather, he is lost in the joy of battle.
If they are to keep on assaulting each other like this, he can think of another thirty ways to "show an opening".

Prediction using the information obtained. Planning using cultivated battle experience.
Those are the nerves of steel, the "mind's eye" that one obtains through training.
This is nothing extraordinary.
This is the only skill he possesses.
It is not innate like Saber's "instinct", but it is a simple weapon that anyone can gain through hard work.


Lancer backs off and stops for a bit.
He looks the red archer over, as though dissatisfied.

It is obvious who is going to win.
Archer has no chance of victory in hand-to-hand combat.
No, that has been obvious from the start.
If Archer is an "archer" like his name states, this cannot be a match unless he's shooting from a long range.
But still, he blocked the attacks.
He is inferior and should not last a few more blows, but he blocked Lancer's full-force attacks.

Is Archer strong, or is Lancer going easy on him?
He laughs.
He already realizes that Archer is a mysterious Servant.
He can admit that Archer is strong in that regard.

Butit is unthinkable for Lancer to be going easy.
The first attack was aimed at the neck to chop his head off.
The second attack was aimed at the heart to destroy his body.
He cannot be going easy.
He shouldn't be, but
It is certainly true that he wasn't trying to kill Archer.

How does one know that this sort of fight is serious?
A battle between Servants is a battle between Noble Phantasms.
The fact that he is fighting Archer without using his is proof that he is going easy on him.
The reason behind it...
...Must be the "thanks" he heard earlier.
"Damn. Are you kidding me!?"

"Ku!"
"Gu!"
The weapons clash harder than before.
The two spring apart in a shower of sparks.
The full-force attack by Lancer is nullified by the full-force attack by Archer.

They are about five meters apart.
It is a distance Lancer can close in an instant.
"I don't get it."
The spearman in blue murmurs.

"You switched to Caster's side even though you are this strong? You and Rin would've had no trouble with Caster."
Lancer stops emitting murderous intent, but there's no opening in his stance.
At that, Archer smiles a bit.

"I'm surprised. You're still saying such things?
 Lancer. I chose the path that has the highest possibility of victory. I do not care what Rin thinks, but I am sure there is no better plan than this."
He speaks confidently, with no sign of guilt.
The knight in red shows no regret about betraying his master.

"I see. I guess it was stupid of me to ask."
Archer agrees.
Lancer snorts and slowly raises the tip of his lance.

"You are certainly good at fighting. Your tactics will get you through many battles.
 But that is not the right way. Your swords are lacking in pride."
His fighting spirit roars up.
Even faced with this, the archer in red still smiles.

"Fortunately, I do not have any pride.
 But what about it? Will the name of the hero be disgraced? Hah, do not make me laugh, Lancer. You can wash away disgrace with results.
 You can feed your meaningless pride to the dogs."

In an instant.
The slightly relaxed atmosphere changes.

The air freezes.
The magical energy to disturb the order of the world, the demonic lance that inverts cause and effect, is raised.

His murderous intent is incomparable to his previous ones.
Though the tension must make it difficult even to breathe...
"You said 'dog', Archer?"
The blue-armored spearman growls in a voice that could drive the crows from a battlefield.

"Yes, Cu Chulainn. If you have pride as a hero, you should get rid of it right now."
"Well said. Then you can die first."

Lancer jumps back a great distance.
It is no longer a matter of thrusting his lance.
There are over a hundred meters between them now.
Lancer leapt back to the entrance of the clearing and crouches on all fours like a beast.


Archer's senses freeze.
Is it fear or awe?
Either way, Archer understands right away...
The meaning of Lancer's retreat.
He knows that his enemy's next attack is literally a fatal attack.

"You know about Gae Bolg's ability, right?"
Lancer, with his limbs on the ground, raises his waist.
It's just like a sprinter waiting for the signal gun.


Archer has no reply to spare.
The knight in red throws away his swords and immerses himself in his own mind.
But will he make it?
Lancer's posture...
If his demonic lance is just like the legend, a Noble Phantasm to block it cannot be anything superficial.

"Here I come. Take this attack as your farewell gift...!"
The blue panther runs.
Even his after-image is a blur. Lancer speeds to Archer like a whirlwind.

There are a hundred meters between them.
Lancer is not going to thrust his lance using that whole distance to gain speed.
The blue figure crouches.
After running fifty meters in an instant, the spearman suddenly leaps up from the ground.

His body flies through the air.
He holds the demonic lance, said to always pierce the heart once it is thrust, over his head.
Space distorts.
According to legend...
That lance scatters numerous spearheads once it is released.
In other words...

"Gae..."
The lance of causality joins with the words to form a tapestry of action.
The spearman in blue arches his back as if drawing a bow...
"Bolg!!!!!!"
...And he smashes down the attack with a roar

...This Noble Phantasm is a throwing attack by nature.
A lance that never misses the heart.
A cursed Noble Phantasm that cannot be avoided and will attack the enemy even if it misses.
That is Gae Bolg, lance of destruction possessed by the hero that never lost in his lifetime.
As it is hurled using all of Lancer's magical energy, it can be neither dodged nor blocked.

Therefore, it is fatal.
There is no way for anyone to survive once they are targeted by the demonic lance...!!

The bullet approaches.
In a split second, the knight in red closes his eyes as if accepting his death...

"I am the bone of my sword."

The thorn of light blazes forth.
And right before the thorn of destruction coming from the heavens strikes Archer...
"Rho Aius!"
Its true name shakes the very air as it is spoken.

The lance crashes into the shield.
The lance of death that penetrates every wall and outmaneuvers any evasion.
That lance has been stopped.
Radiating a storm of heat, the lance of sure kill is stopped by Archer's "Noble Phantasm".
The seven flower petals appear from empty space and shield Archer from the demonic bullet!
Who would know?
This shield is Aius. The only shield said to have repelled the javelin of the great hero in the Trojan War.
There are seven barriers shaped like flower petals, and each layer is as strong as a castle wall.
It is a boundary field Noble Phantasm that is said to be invincible against projectile weapons.

A thrown lance will be defeated by this shield without penetrating even one of the petals.
At the very least, Archer does not know of a lance that can penetrate this shield.

But.
The lance of sure kill drills through the shields like it's nothing.

"......!!!!!"
The sixth petal is destroyed.
Only one remains.
The demonic lance reaches the seventh layer that has never been broken.

The unstoppable thorn of the demonic lance.
In the face of that power...
"NuNuaaaaaaaaaaaaaa......!!!!"
With a roaring spirit, Archer puts all his magical energy into the Noble Phantasm!


After landing, Lancer glares at the Servant in front of him.
...Archer has wounds all over his body.
His raised arm is barely attached.
His face is strained in pain, not only from the wounds on the arm, but also from the agony in his head.

"I'm surprised. I did not think there was a weapon that could penetrate the Aius.
 Your lance is stronger than the original Gungnir."
The knight in red praises the spearman in blue from the bottom of his heart.


But Lancer does not hear him.
His strongest attack.
The attack that made him a hero has been blocked.
He is so angry that his glare should be able to kill someone.

But the anger is almost erased by his wonder.
...This is too strange.
It is true that Archer is a mysterious Servant.
His identity is unknown, he carries twin swords even though he's an archer, and now he shows a shield that can even block Lancer's strongest attack.
It is absurd.
There is no such hero on this planet.

"Who are you?"
"I'm just an archer. Your analysis was not incorrect."
"Bullshit. An archer would not have a shield to block a Noble Phantasm."
"I guess you can, under the right circumstances.
 But this is the result. I used up most of my magical energy, one of my arms is destroyed, and Aius is shattered.
 ...Man, that was the greatest protection I had."


Lancer only glares at Archer.
Then.
"More importantly, have you noticed, Lancer?
 It seems Caster is in trouble. She is no longer supervising us."
Archer raises both his hands as if in surrender.

"...I see. I knew it. That was your intention from the start, huh?"
"Of course. I told you, right? I will only take the route with the greatest chance of success."
"Heh. I really do hate you."

Saying so, Lancer turns his back to Archer.
...His work is done.
His role of keeping Archer busy is meaningless now.
There is no more need for him to side with Tohsaka Rin.

The spearman in blue starts to walk away and
...Lays down on the grass to wait and see.
The sky is still gray.
We leave the now-empty church.

"Oh. So you guys are done, huh?"
...Then.
I see a familiar spearman in front of me.

"!"
Saber glares at him while supporting me.
She's so tense that she might slash him if he takes another step.

"...No, you're mistaken, Saber. He helped us."
"Huh...? Did Lancer help you, Shirou?"

"...Yeah. ...Don't fight him now if possible."
Saber stares at Lancer in astonishment.
...It seems he's enjoying Saber's reaction.

"I understand... but why, Lancer? Are you conspiring?"

"Huh? Oh, are you stupid? Of course I'm conspiring. I won't help someone unless I'm plotting something secretly."
Lancer's words are blunt.

"...Ha."
I knew he was that kind of guy, but he's thorough as he's making fun of Saber as well.

"Hm. What is so funny, Shirou?"
"Eh...? Was I laughing...?"

"Yes, you were. I guess I was mistaken. It seems I do not need to support you if you are well enough to laugh."
Saber is mad.
...It's bad, but I'm relieved.

Saber is just like before.
Our connection is lost, but she's here just like before.
Thenwhat's there to regret?

"...Sorry. I guess I let my guard down. Now's not the time, right?"

"No. We should rest for now even if we are to rescue Rin. ...Lancer, I do not know what your intention is, but your job should be over. Leave now. I will not fight you here."
With this, Saber goes down into the clearing.

"......? Hey, everything went wellor I guess not. What happened, kid?"
"Archer took Tohsaka. We're going to go rescue her."
Suppressing my dizziness, I meet his gaze and answer him.

"...What? Hold on, what's going on?"

...I'm sorry, but I don't have any energy left.
I'm not able to explain such a long story, I should go home and

"Archer's objective is to kill Shirou. He has abducted my Master, Rin, and requested a one-on-one fight with Shirou if we want her back.
 Her life will not be guaranteed unless we go to him within a day."

......Well.
It helps me out if you can do the explaining, but it does nothing to explain the situation to Lancer.

"Damn, he really did it this time."
...Then.
He takes off his friendly face and grits his teeth.

"...Lancer?"
"So, what? He betrayed that young lady not only once, but twice?"
"Uh... yes, that would be the case. What about it...?"

"This isn't the time for that. ...Damn, I've changed my mind.
 This was the only help I was going to offer, but let me help you a bit longer. I won't be able to have peace of mind like this."
Having said this, Lancer starts walking.


Saber watches Lancer silently.
...I understand how she feels.
He's saying that he'll come with us.

"...I say. What kind of magic did you two use to get him on our side?"

Saber sounds more shocked than amazed.
Unfortunately, I don't have the energy to reply, as my wounds are starting to hurt again.
...No, first of all...
I'm the one who wants to ask that question.
And I recall his dream.

The memory of the guy that was set up as a hero.
The story of a knight whose end came at a place I can't reach.

This hill is his world.
This desolate land is what the man who kept on fighting for others obtained.
I guess he smiled and died in satisfaction in this place.

"He's seriously stupid."
...That's right. It just makes me mad.
He tried his best, worked hard even though he's an ordinary person, and finally obtained a miracle with his blood.
Then it'll be a lie unless he becomes happy.
If he made many people happy, he should become happier than all of those people combined.

But he did not receive such a reward.
What he obtained in its place was the fate to be summoned as a "guardian" after his death.


That's right. Why didn't I realize that simple fact?
The guardians are summoned into every age.
Doesn't that conversely mean that they are summoned from every age?
From the present and the past.
Heroic spirits can even be summoned from the future.

Since guardians are pushed into a "seat" away from the time axis, the concept of time does not exist for them.
As soon as one becomes a heroic spirit, they sublimate into something other that what they used to be when they were human.
Then
It is possible for a guardian to be summoned into the place and age they lived in when they were alive.


It's vexing when I think about it.
It's because neither of them is saved.
The one that watches his previous self...
The one that watches his eventual self...
They will both be hurt by the gulf between them.

I know the end of this big idiot who tried to be of help to others.
He became a guardian by choice.
He thought that it would be great if he could keep saving people even after he died.
He could not save people when he was alive because he was powerless. But he believed he could avert every tragedy as a heroic spirit.

Thinking so, he made a contract with the world, gave his body after his death, and saved a hundred or so people.
He believed that he would be able to save more, tens of thousands of people, after his death.

But such hope was betrayed.
Heroic spirits are summoned only into hell.
They appear only when the world is about to be destroyed by people.
Humans are beings that will perish from their own doings.
So the process of destruction must always be the same.

He was summoned only into these "hells".
In the land of death where the ones he wanted to save were already dead, he killed even more humans.
The boy who stated he just doesn't want to see anyone cry...
...Could only see crying humans forever.

There's only one thing I can say.
He has been betrayed by many things.
And in the end, he was betrayed by the only thing he believed in, his ideal.

  I am the bone of my sword.
        Steel is my body, and fire is my blood.
        I have created over a thousand blades.
        Unknown to Death.
        Nor known to Life.
        Have withstood pain to create many weapons.
        Yet, those hands will never hold anything.
        So as I pray, unlimited blade works.

...That is the only spell given to him.
What is that?
I'm so mad that I want to hit him and scold him.

I, Tohsaka Rin, have never had any hardships in my life.
So I might not have the right to say it, but I believe in working hard and going through pain. It's wrong not to be compensated for your fights.
That's why I'm angry at his uncompensated life, and most of allI can't leave him be because he ended up cursing his life.

'You're my Servant, so I'm only going to do what I believe is right.
 I'm not as loose as Emiya Shirou, but I do have some things I cannot give up.
 I won't give it up no matter who's telling me so'

...That's right.
That's why I decided...
That as long as I'm his Master, I will believe in my path like he used to do.

That's about all I can show to him.
That's the only way I can repay him.
It might have been meaningless, but still...
I do it so that Archer, the one who lost his own past, can realize that his life was something he can be proud of

"Ah...... Hm......"
The first things I notice after I wake up are the sensations in my limbs.
They hurt and I can't move them.
"......I'm tied up."
I'm sitting on a chair and slept in a bad position.


...I don't want to admit it, but this is the worst possible situation.
I can't do anything.
My hands are behind the chair and restrained by something like handcuffs.
It goes the same for my legs, and I can't even stand up.
The handcuffs and the shackles are magic resistant, and my Magic Circuit is so messed up that I can't even create magical energy.


Now that I've checked my situation, I survey my surroundings.
...It's cold.
This room made of stone has no heater, and it is a ruin that hasn't been used in a while.
It's dark outside the window. ...From the looks of it, I think it's around ten o'clock at night.

"So. What do you intend to do, Archer?"
I glare into the darkness.
...By the pillar...
The knight in red is sitting on a pile of rubble.

"It's nothing. You're just bait to lure out Emiya Shirou. You should know that."
"...Heh. Shirou would come even if I'm not here. You should know that."

"You're right. But it would be inconvenient if you're there with us. I'll have you stay quiet here until the matter is settled."
Archer says so without appearing in front of me.
There's no sign of his previous friendliness.
He is a calm "cleaner" now.

"I see. So you will kill Shirou no matter what?"
"Yes. Such a soft person should die."
He answers as a matter of course.
I can only see the shadowed side of his face from here.
His expression is cold, and he looks like he has a mask on.
Thatmakes me seriously angry.

"...Heh. I know without being told that Shirou's soft."
I breathe in.
It'll end once I say this.
My Archer will never return once I say this.
I take a breath and glare at the guy in the shadows.

"But I love that soft part of him.
 He should be like that. I'm saved by having a guy like him."

"But what about you?
 You went so far, but you think that holding a selfish ideal is wrong?
 You fought over and over for other people, you got betrayed over and over, and you were forced to clean up after them over and over!
 Were you disgusted with humans after that, Archer...!?"

I get even more angry as I speak, and I'm screaming it out now.

...Archer doesn't answer.
The face in the shadow is a face I've never seen before.
'You cannot save everyone.'

When I heard this from the man I believed could save anyone, I felt resistance.

'Look, Shirou.
 A superhero can only save the people he has sided with.'

I didn't like those words either.
I didn't want the superhero himself to say these things.

...Since that time, Emiya Shirou's whole life may have been focused on overturning those words.
There's no need for sacrifices.
Nobody will get hurt if you work hard and do your best.
My father should have yearned for that as well.
So...

'YeahI'm relieved.'

...I cannot look away from his last moment.

Tohsaka told me such a life is unnatural.
...I know.
I realized that a long time ago.

There's no world where nobody gets hurt, nor can one seek happiness without hurting others.
Such a utopia does not exist anywhere in this world.
Emiya Shirou's search for superheroism is just hypocrisy.

'There is nothing at the end of helping people.'

So...
I know that without being told.

'It is a false life that can save neither yourself nor others.'

...Yeah.
Even if it may be true, I won't let you say it.

I don't care if anyone other than him denies it.
But I won't let him say it.
We have the same beginnings, and even if I may eventually become like himno, all the more if that is the case. That is why I have to deny him.
As he does not approve of the former Emiya Shirou...
I will not approve of him as long as I exist.

...Even if this dream may be a distorted one.
If I have believed in it and if I am going to believe in it, I


I wake up.
I look at the clock right away and see it's eleven o'clock right now.

"Are you awake, Shirou?"
Sitting Japanese-style, Saber greets me in a calm voice.
...It's been half a day since I came home from the church.
She must have watched over me ever since I fainted.

"Yeah, I'm awake. My body's fine. I'm not tired and my headache's gone."
I get up from the futon.
My limbs are fine now.
The Magic Circuit I overused is still exhausted, but it hasn't burned up.

"Are you going, Shirou?"
Saber suddenly asks.
The answer's obvious, so I silently nod back.

"...I see. Then I shall go with you.
 But, Shirou. Rin is my Master. It is my role to save her. I will stop Archer, so..."

"No, you got it backwards, Saber. I'll fight Archer."
I interrupt Saber.
She looks at me uneasily.
"...No, Shirou.
 Archer is your"
She hesitates to finish her sentence.

"I know. I've probably known who he was from the first time I met him."
I've opposed him without reason from the first time we met.
I stubbornly hated him, thinking that I could not approve of him.

...It's natural.
People can only look away when faced with their own mistakes.

"...Yeah. But that's why I can't approve of him. I have to settle my score with him."

I stand up.
My body feels great.
There's only half a day left until the deadline. ...I can't spend any more time resting.

"Shirou."
"...I don't have any right to say this, but please, Saber.
 I'll fight Archer. Don't help me, no matter what happens."
I bow as I ask Saber.

"There is no need to act like that, Shirou.
 I shall obey if that is your wish.
 I have sworn to be your shield. I shall observe your fate until the very end."


Her answer is perfect.
Her clear voice sweeps away the uneasiness within me.

"Thank you. It's reassuring to know that you'll be watching me."
"Yes. I am glad you are like that, Shirou."
She smiles back.
We're prepared for departure now.

We leave my house.
Who would have thought I would go to that castle again?

"Hey. You guys aren't listening to me, right?"
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
We both turn around.

...Oh.
Come to think of it, Lancer was still here.

"...Oh. You have more free time than I thought, huh?"
It just slips out.

"......"
He must be self-conscious, as he doesn't try to retort.

"Lancer. I do not know what you are planning, but there is nothing to gain from following us.
 Archer is a Servant without a Master.
 I do not think your Master would want to defeat such a person."

"I know, I know. I have no intention of fighting Archer. You can rest assured that I won't butt in on the fight."

"...Then why are you going to come with us? If you want to settle the match with me, I can do it right here."
"No, I'll pass on that. I have no intention of fighting against your Master. Rather, I want to sell her some favors. I want her to be in debt to me."

"........."
Saber glares at Lancer, and Lancer ignores her.

"Okay, do as you wish. We can use all the help we can get in saving Tohsaka."
"Shirou...! Lancer is an enemy. You cannot make such a rash decision"

"That should be all right. He's twisted, but he won't lie. First of all, he's not the sneaky type. He'd come fight us straight on before he would try to trick us."
"Hm... That is true, but..."

"Well, I'll turn him down if you don't want to. But he'll follow us even if we let him be. So isn't it easier for us to have him near us where we can keep watch?"

"Hmyou are getting better at making excuses, Shirou."
"Well, a lot has happened.
 Well, that's it, Lancer. We won't concern ourselves with you, and you don't bother us. Let's go together if that's fine with you."

I say to the guy that's watching us with a smile.

"Good enough. Wow, you guys are a great combination.
 Saber's stubborn, so I'm glad you're more mature now."

"T-That is not true! Shirou is the stubborn one. You do not know how much trouble I have been through!"

"What?
 Are you going to tell me if I ask? Fine, we have some time until we get to the castle. Let's entertain ourselves on the road with your stories."

"! W-Why do I need to explain such a thing to you? You have nothing to do with this!"
Saber roars at Lancer.

"......Wow."
I guess Saber doesn't get along well with Lancer.
But I never thought Saber would get angry like Tohsaka.

"Oh well.
 Let's get going. We don't have time to be playing around. We have to get to the castle as quickly as possible."
I leave the two and start walking.

"S-Shirou...! I am not playing around!"
She must still be mad, as she yells at me.
Lancer follows us from a distance.

It's midnight right now.
I know how far the castle is from here.
We should make it in time.

We'll probably get there around dawn.
We start to walk to the masterless old castle.

It is daybreak.
The knight in red is leaning against a pillar and staring at his arm.
Putting strength into his fingers, he makes a fist.
His body is only half responding.
Even heroic spirits cannot maintain their existence in this world without their Masters.
He still exists because of the special class ability of Archer, but he's almost at his limits.

His remaining strength is not even a tenth of his original powers.
His muscles are weak, and his body will slowly disappear if he loses focus.


But there's no problem.
Even if he has less than a tenth of his original power, it is enough to kill Emiya Shirou.
Considering the difference in their abilities, this isn't even a handicap.
Therefore, it will end once they fight.
His one and only objective will be accomplished here.


...That's right.
He has waited for this time.
He has endured the endless repetition hoping for this chance.
He has awaited a miracle that would not occur, a miracle with a probability close to zero.

And his wish was granted.
No, it is about to be granted.
...He does not care what awaits him afterwards.
He will kill his own self with his own hands.
The hopeless, futureless wish is what kept him going after he wore out.

"Was it long? Or was it an instant?"
He is an existence that disappears after each summoning.
His memory does not remain, no matter how many times he repeats the cycle.
It only stays in his body as knowledge.
Heroic spirits recognize other heroic spirits because of these accumulated facts.

It's just like a book.
Every time a heroic spirit is summoned, the book with its story is sent to its home.
The heroic spirit itself remains in the house, reading those books.
The trouble is that the one at the house does not know when those books arrived.

Past or future do not matter.
All the "books" are already in his room.
His only way of measuring time is to read the records of his "cleaning" that he will accomplish.

It makes no difference if it's eternal or instantaneous.
Eternity is instantaneous, and an instant is eternal.
Therefore, he does not know how rare this miracle is.
He does not know if this is the first time or the thousandth time since he obtained this hope.
...All he has is unordered knowledge.
Past, present, and future are meaningless for heroic spirits.

"...A guest, huh? I chose this place because I was told there would be no interruptions here."
The knight in red suddenly gets up.
Did his ears hear the sound of the intruder?
Footsteps echo through the silent castle.

"Wow. I'm surprised, Tohsaka. I was dubious, but you really are here."
A voice echoes.
The rude intruder is a boy called Matou Shinji.

"Oh, don't do anything violent, okay?
 I don't have any business with you. You have no business with Tohsaka either, right? Then isn't it meaningless for us to fight here?"
Matou Shinji walks forward with light steps.
He is looking at Tohsaka, who is tied up.
The girl glares silently at the intruder.
That must delight him.
He licks his lips in satisfaction and walks to the girl.


"What?"
Stared down by the knight, Matou Shinji looks up in annoyance.
"What, you want to fight me? Are you serious? You'd be no match for me!"
He smiles and turns back to the entrance.

There stands a man with golden hairthe eighth Servant, Gilgamesh.
He is, literally, a disaster.
The golden Servant looks at the knight with cool eyes.
But within them...
The red eyes only show the intent to brutally kill the enemy in front of him.


The knight in red is still silent.
It makes no difference even if Matou Shinji appears or if the strongest Servant is ready to attack him.
The knight calmly stares at the uninvited enemies.

"Haha. You're scared, right? It's nothing to be ashamed of. He even killed Berserker. It's natural for you to be scar"
"Do you want Rin, Matou Shinji?"
"Huh...? Y-Yeah, of course. There's no other reason for me to come to this castle."

"I see. Then wait until this is over. I will give her to you after I kill Emiya Shirou.
 She is mine until then. It cannot be helped if you cannot compromise on that. It will be regrettable, but you will die here, Gilgamesh."
The knight's eyes remain on the golden Servant as he speaks.

"Very funny, you fool."
Were those words reason enough for the man to kill Archer?
The golden Servant identifies the knight in front of him as a target he must kill.

"Oh. Hold on, Gilgamesh. Don't be rash, and let's be smart. Come on, he says he's going to give her to me, so I'll let him.
 Archer doesn't have a Master. I'm sure no Master would make a contract with a Servant that betrayed so many people, so he'll disappear if we let him be. I can take Tohsaka after that."

Matou Shinji smiles and stares at the knight in red.
It looks as if he is enjoying the fate of the one who is about to disappear.

"You're smart, Matou Shinji. That's an intelligent decision. You are a most fitting Master, in a sense."
"Oh, you show promise! How wasteful! I would've made a contract with you if you came to me!"
Stepping away from the knight, Matou Shinji claps his hands happily.

"But I'm sorry. I don't need any more Servants. It's unfortunate, but you'll have to disappear."
"You do not need to tell me. So what will you do? Will you fight me, or wait until I disappear?"

"Yeah, I'll wait. You're pretty decent, so we'll protect Tohsaka until you kill Emiya.
 But, yeah. That thing is mine already, right? Then I can do anything to her, right?"

He stares at the knight and Tohsaka Rin with snake-like eyes.
His words are to test the loyalty of the knight.
To that...
"I have promised Emiya Shirou that she will not be harmed. But that promise is over at dawn. You can do as you wish when the time comes."
The knight in red replies in an emotionless voice.

"HaHaha, hahahahahahahahahaha!
 Did you hear that, Tohsaka!? Your Servant is selling off his Master!"
Sneering laughter echoes in the dirty room.
The knight exits as if he's not interested.



Archer passes by Gilgamesh.
Archer ignores his mocking gaze and walks into the hallway.
At that instant...

"Faker."
The king of heroes says so as if despising him.
"!"
The same swords, the same techniques clash.
My attack and his attack are the same.
But still, the blades chip away and my body is wounded the more we fight.

The attack that I blocked breaks through.
Kanshou in my left hand is destroyed by his Kanshou and his weapon sweeps at me from the side.

"Haguhhh...!!"
I twist my body to dodge it, but it still slashes me.
Although not immediately fatal, the wound will eventually overcome me.

"Damn......!"
I bear the pain by cursing and swing Bakuya at the close enemy...!

"Wha"
It's blocked and destroyed as well.
We have the same swords and the same techniques, but there is a gap that I cannot fill.

"Did you think my Kanshou and yours are equal? Your assumptions of the basic structure are too weak.
 Even if you get the appearance and the composition materials down, it is a matter of course for it to be destroyed if the structure is not reasoned out. Even an image falters if it is illogical."

My temple and my side.
He attacks both my vital spots at once.
"Ah!"
I immediately "project" the twin swords and parry the attacks!

"!"
My head hurts to the point of blurring my sight.
It's not because of the strain of immediate projection.
This is that headache.
The instinct I felt when I was searching for Tohsaka.
The slight fever I got every time I faced him.
That strain now threatens to drive me mad

"Haah, ah!"
I parry his attacks.
I step in and slash at his body.
The red headache burns my eyes every time I do so.
Is it because of the contradiction that Emiya Shirou and heroic spirit Emiya are existing at the same time?
Ever since we recognized each other's identities, my body breaks every time we touch each other.

I traced his sword technique and even his reproduction ability.
It's natural for them to suit me.
His abilities are Emiya Shirou's optimal technique, perfected over many years of training.

There's no way it would not suit me.
In trying to match his skill, I allowed myself to learn too much about my future self.

"Ahguh!"
My eyeballs go numb.
Every time I swing the sword, every time the sparks fly out, I'm attacked with a flash so strong that it could blind me.

I am no match for him, and my vision fills with red every time we exchange blows.
If that's the worst of it, I don't care.
My body is already torn apart.
My headache is nothing compared to the burning wound in my stomach.
The problem is that the headache won't stop because there's something I'm still drawing out from him

"That's the fifth one. You should be nearing your limits of reproduction using projection. I know your magical energy capacity. You have three more. ...Even though I showed THAT to you, you still misunderstand."

His scornful voice contains some disappointment.
Misunderstand...?
I don't care about that.
More than anything, I have to do something about this headache right now.
The thing flowing from you

"Well, it will be impossible for you even if you arrive at that. It is not enough with the magical energy you can generate right now.
 Yes, either way"

My headache gets worse.
He raises his twin swords to finish the match.
"You had no chance of victory to begin with!"
He swings them down in a cross.

"!"
The swords I blocked them with are destroyed.
My body becomes numb as if a hammer had been smashed on it, and the headache finally sears my brain as well as my eyes.

It's flowing into me.

So...
    This is...
        Scarier...
            Than the pain.

This is his memory.
The reason he changed so much.
I can see bits and pieces of what will happen to Emiya Shirou in the future.

I don't know if it was correct or not.
Nobody will be able to determine that.
The beautiful things were ugly and the ugly things were beautiful.
There is nothing disgusting, once you look at it objectively.
So why is there such a deviation?
Sophistry, falsehood, trickery, vanity.
Those are what he saw the most.

;     I am the bone of my sword.

...But still.
It seems he did not care.
There was an ideal and an oath he had to protect.
He did not care what he lost to do so.

  Even when he was betrayed, he believed there would be a next time if he did not betray himself.
He did not show grief or pain.

;     Steel is my body, and fire is my blood.

He is like a cold-blooded machine to others.

He was a convenient existence, so he was conveniently used.
He was only a tool in other people's eyes.
But the machine had an ideal it wanted to protect, so it accepted its role as a convenient tool.

;     I have created over a thousand blades.
;             Unknown to Death.
;             Nor known to Life.

It's not something to go around proclaiming.
The more he kills and the more he is unable to save, the less he can talk about his ideal.
The only thing left for him is to obstinately protect his ideal until the very end.

And the result...
The ideal Emiya Shirou dreamed of has never been accomplished, and he found out that it's just nonsense dreamed by a fool who is only a nuisance to others.

;  Have withstood pain to create many weapons.

   See, this is his end.
   See, this is your end.


My mind gives in.
I won't feel compassion.
I won't feel compassion.
I won't feel compassion.
I won't feel compassion, but...
My mind almost gives in, thinking that I will be following this exact path.

  Yet, those hands will never hold anything.

What you believed in.
What you believe in.
You're shown that it is just a fantasy that is covered with lies, and still

"!"
His weapon closes in.
A horn-like sword comes to pierce my heart...!

"Guh!"
I get away.
I have in my hands the twin swords I quickly projected.

"HaHaa, haa, haa, ha!"
I force down my nausea.
Whatwas I seeing?
Forget it.
Forget what you just saw.
You need to defeat him. You should focus everything on that goal......!

"I guess it's a miscalculation.
 I've heard of magic that lets you acquire skills from the past by possessing yourself with a previous self... It seems your skills improve the more you fight me."

"Haa, haa, haa, ha"
My shoulders heaving, I prepare myself for his attack.

"Then my projection shouldn't be the only thing you got from me. That face. Seeing that nasty face of yours, you saw it too, Emiya Shirou?"


My breathing stops.
Don't let me say it.
Don't let me recall it.
If you say what I just saw, I...

"Then it is simple. It's all true, Emiya Shirou."
His red cloak moves.
He closes in on me in an instant and thrusts the horned-sword!

"......!"
It's destroyed in one blow.
There's no way a hastily-constructed sword, and a first attempt at that, would match his sword!

"Fuh!"
But.
Even though I'm empty-handed, he throws away his sword.
He projects Durandal, the renowned sword of the king

"Haah!"
I skip about four steps and quickly reproduce his weapon.
But of course, such an imitation is destroyed in one blow


I fall.
I'm repelled, and I land with my back on the rubble.

"Ahkuh."
That surprises me.
The rubble turns red just by having me fall on top of it.
...Oh.
I already know, but it seems my body is almost dead, outside and inside.

"This is it, Emiya Shirou.
 Your foolishness for coming here when you know you won't be a match, a mindless imitation, imprisoned by a stupid ideal.
 Do you understand that those are your true identity?"


His voice echoes.
My body is covered with wounds.
It's bad how the wounds are so deep that I can reach inside them and take out my bones.

"There is no value in such a life.
 I'm sure of it. There is no value in Emiya Shirou's life.
 ...It is wrong to save just because you want to save. You are a fake that should have never existed as you are broken as a human being."


My magical energy is almost depleted.
Not only that. The Magic Circuit to run the magical energy is burned up.
...No. If I talk about it burning up, it burned up yesterday when I used projection.
It's just that an almost broken thing completely broke.

"Ha
"
But my body is telling me I can still fight.
My mind bluffs itself, saying that it has not given in.
"Oh."
Then...
I have to get up and defeat him.

"It's useless. I am your ideal. You should realize that you cannot match me."
"HaaHaaHaa"
...I focus the last of my will on the Magic Circuit.
"!"
My split nerves scream.
But I carefully put together the eight steps.

"Trace, off."
I project his twin swords.
Kanshou and Bakuya, two great swords named after an ancient swordsmith.

"Fuahhhhhhhhhhhh!!"
I swing them.
I keep attacking until my remaining energy runs out...!
My twin swords are met by twin swords.
Archer now holds Kanshou and Bakuya and parries my attacks without retreating.
"I see. It's natural for you not to accept it.
 As I am your ideal, Emiya Shirou must not accept me more than anyone."

His calm tone pisses me off.
I can't even breathe, but he is calm and composed.

"Damn!"
I attack with all my energy.
"Damn."
He does not parry my attacks, but pushes them back.
"Hakuh......!"
...I'm pushed back along with my twin swords.
The difference in our powers is obvious.
There's no way for me to win with pure strength
"Hehthen let me ask you, Emiya Shirou.
 Do you really want to be a superhero?"

For an instant...
My mind blanks out from the surprise attack.

"WhatI don't want to become one. I'm going to become one...!"
I glare back at him.
Then...

"Yes, you need to become a superhero.
 Because that is your only emotion. An emotion you can neither betray nor deny.
 Even if that wish is not born from within you."

He stops me with words that grab my heart.

"Wha"
...Not born from within me...
I deny them even before I think about what those words mean.
I can't let him finish.
I can't realize that fact.
If I find out, Emiya Shirou's foundation will crumble.

"Oh. It seems you have a vague idea of it.
 No, you knew it, but you tried your best to keep that fact from yourself. I cannot even remember now."

"St"
I start to say before I stop myself.

I don't want to know.
I know that I shouldn't know.
But stillI know that I must know.
The contradiction of Emiya Shirou.
The answer to what is wrong with me, and how I am distorted.

"I do not have your memory anymore.
 But I still remember that scene. The flame filling my vision and the smell of death. The request for help and how I felt when it was granted. The look of relief on Emiya Kiritsugu's face when he saved me."

I realized that it is natural to die, and my mind emptied out.
I was saved at that time.
The man who saved me smiled with tears in his eyes.
That...
...Is what I thought was beautiful.

"That's right. It's not that you felt guilty for being the only one saved.
 You just admired Kiritsugu.
 You wanted to become like him only because he looked so happy when he saved you."

......That's right.
It's not me that got saved at that time.
It's an assumption I did not even think about.
If... if that fire was Kiritsugu's fault, he shouldn't have been able to bear that fact.

A tragedy without any survivors.
Kiritsugu, the one who caused it, must have frantically searched for a survivor.
And he finally found a survivor that should not have existed.
The man found a surviving child that could not be saved.
If you talk about miracles, it is...


But I knew about that already.
I don't care about his circumstances.
It was enough for me that he got me out of that hell.
Even if it may have been for himself, it's true that he tried to save me and wished for my survival.

...That's enough.
Emiya Kiritsugu saved a boy who had nothing.
So

"Yes, it's natural for a child to admire his parent. But you went too far.
 It would have been fine if you just admired what Emiya Kiritsugu wanted to become.
 But he left you a curse at the very end. I do not even need to say it, right? That is everything for you."

   'I'll make your dream...'

...That's the answer.
Hearing my casual remark, he left the words 'I'm relieved' behind him. And then that man, who was emptier even than me, died.
At that moment, Emiya Shirou had to become a superhero.

My will does not matter.
For his sake, I simply tried to become what he had admired since he was small.
The wish for everyone to be happy...
...Is an impossibility dreamed not by me, but by Emiya Kiritsugu

"You should know, Shirou.
 Your ideal is borrowed. You are only imitating what Emiya Kiritsugu wanted to become, what Emiya Kiritsugu thought was right."

"That... is..."
I grit my teeth, desperately trying to resist my mind that is about to give in.
But...

"A superhero? Do not make me laugh.
 Over and over, you said you wanted to help people. But that wish is not your own.
 You are conceited to think that such a man could help anyone!"

He attacks with his swords.
With the weight of his contempt behind them, the twin swords are swung more strongly than ever before.

"Oh."
Seeing those raging swords...
I accept my own death, just as I did ten years ago.
The force comes smashing down.
There is no elegance in those attacks, and they are executed only using his strength.
"Haa"
My left arm shakes from blocking the attack.

My fingers that held onto the sword break.
The sword I made using all my remaining power is bent back by one blow.

I'm dead.
I'm on the verge of death from the first blow. So there's no way I will be able to block the next attack.

"Oh."
But still...
My mind is about to give in, but my body denies it with all its might.
It's telling me I'm wrong.
It appeals to me, saying it's wrong to give in to his words and to die here.

I raise my head.
My eyes aren't functioning.
They don't see the enemy, but show his memories.
...In them...
I see myself curling up and desperately trying to live.

...The echoing of the swords isn't all I hear.
He...
He curses himself every time he attacks.

"That's right! I admired his desire to save people because it is beautiful!"

I block the oncoming attack.
Bakuya is destroyed. All I have left is Kanshou in my left hand.

"But none of that feeling is my own. What else can you call it but hypocrisy!?"

Kanshou is bent and its existence is fading.
...My heart is hurting.
Not because of his attacks. His words slash at my heart.

"I was driven by my obsessive need to help someone.
 I kept running, neither noticing the pain nor how wrong I was!"

He keeps denying himself.
My heart tries to give up every time I hear him.
My body wants to succumb to the force of his attacks.
But still...
That same body keeps desperately denying him.

"But it's all a fake. Such hypocrisy cannot save anything.
 No, first of all, I did not know what I wanted to save!"

"Gah!"
I'm smashed away.
An attack as strong as one of Berserker's easily flings away Emiya Shirou's body.


But I still hold my ground.
I frantically endure the attack coming down at me.
I will not be able to get back up if I fall down.
So my body refuses to let me fall.

"Ahhaa, ah, geuh......!"
I thrust the rapidly-fading Kanshou into the ground and lean on it.
My body sags forward, and I cannot even stand upright.

"Haah, haa, ha......!!"
I use Kanshou as a cane and hold up my falling body with my arms.
I must look pitiful.
I might look as if I'm kneeling down and begging him.

"That ideal is a failure.
 The idea that everyone else is more important than yourself, the wish for everyone to be happy, is all just fantasy.
 If you can only live by holding onto that ideal, drown in your ideals."

He says that...
There is no value in living, no, in my life itself.

"........."
My weapon is about to disappear, and there's little point in trying to keep my body from falling.
In contrast, he isn't even scratched.
The match is decided.
No, the match had been decided from the start.
There is no way for Emiya Shirou to beat heroic spirit Emiya.

...But that is a mistake.
If the difference in our powers was large, the fight wouldn't have turned out like this.

It is my mind that lost.
My mind was weak because I realized that I am wrong and that he is right.
That was my only failure.
Because

"...........Shut up."
"What...?"

Becausemy body has been telling me I will not lose to you.

Why?
Why did power enter my body every time he cursed my ideal as fake?
"Shut up, dammit......!!!!"


I'll reach it.
I'll definitely reach it.
If parts of me are broken, then I just need to use the parts that aren't.
If everything I have is broken, then use the parts I don't have.
If my body hasn't lost yet, I can just reach out to the part of me that hasn't been used yet!

A headache.
An instant of a few milliseconds. I see him, probably for the last time.
I could not understand him.
But I guess I can use his pain as a lesson.

...A hero who used a poem about himself as his spell.
Even if I don't understand the meaning behind it...
I will accept those words in your place.

", I am..."
I start the spell so that I can be proud of myself.
Emiya's words hurt Emiya.
He accepted that fact and chose to kill me.
That's the only thing he could wish for in the end.

Then...
Just as you deny me...
I will defeat you with all my powers!

"I am the bone of my sword."
I murmur the words without realizing it.
I raise my head.
I pour determination into my dying body.
I swallow the blood clotting in my throat.
Yang-sword Kanshou regains its image.

"You..."
"That's right. I already knew that..."
...This is just a dream.
But I kept on believing in it because I thought it was right.
Kiritsugu pursued it because he knew it was an unattainable dream, an impossible ideal.

Even if it may be unattainable...
He believed that he would reach his destination if he kept running.

"Her sheath...! Its protection is still there, even though the contract does not exist anymore...!"

I ready my sword.
I don't care about that.
I...
"I won't lose to you. I don't mind losing against someone.
 But I can't lose against myself!"
I will keep on being Emiya Shirou!
It is an unbelievable technique.

"Nu!?"
His attacking body is on the verge of death.
His fingers are broken, his limbs are slashed, and his breathing has stopped without him even realizing it.
His speed is nothing, and his attack is mediocre.
The boy that has absorbed his combat skills to the point where he's able to fight decently, has now returned to fighting without them.

An unskilled, frantic attack.
...But still...
This blow is heavier than any that came before.

"What?"
Archer's indifference turns into surprise within a second.
The swinging swords are crazy.
They clash against his longsword with unimaginable speed.

Where is his power coming from?
The attacks are unlike before.
"You!"
He cannot go into defense.
This attack should cut through the boy's neck.
Realizing that he cannot make light of the boy, he swings his sword.

Up and down, left and right.
The four attacks are enough to cut off his limbs and to cut up his body to pieces!

"............!"
The boy blocks them.
No, exceeding his four attacks, the sword comes to slash his neck!

"!"
Bringing back the longsword, he parries the attack.

"You...!"
He intuitively understands that he will be killed unless he attacks.
The longsword attacks the enemy that is on the verge of death, and the boy frantically swings his sword.
Their swords crash in balance.
The space is filled with sparks, and anything entering the space should be cut to pieces.

But it should be the last spark that a dying man gives off.
The boy loses his breath every time he attacks, almost falls, holds his ground, and attacks again.


The sight reassures him.
There is no power left in his enemy.
The boy in front of him is literally on the verge of death.
So...
So why do those arms have seemingly infinite power?

I have no consciousness.
I can neither tell what the enemy's doing, nor if my attacks are doing anything.
My muscles are screaming for oxygen, and the lack of blood keeps ordering my body to stop.
I suppress them altogether by force.
".........isn't..."
That's all that's filling my head.
My ideal is fake. He's right. I can't be a superhero.
As long as I admire such a thing, I will end up like the man before me.
"......It isn't......!"
But I felt beauty in it.
I know it's just hypocrisy to value everyone else over yourself.
But still...
I admired it, thinking how great it would be if I could live that way.
That's the only thing driving my dying body.
"!"
He cannot hear what his enemy is saying.
His enemy's voice is weak, yet his attacks are relentless.
Looking, the boy's hands are one with the sword's hilt.
It must be to keep the sword in place, but that will transfer the impact directly to his body.
The boy is covered in blood, and he will fall forward and die if he retreats.
Even swinging the sword should come with great pain.


He blocks it in annoyance.
His dying enemy gets on his nerves, but...
He himself gets on his nerves, because even though he knows it will end once he retreats, he is not able to do so.

But how can he retreat?

Straightforward attacks without strategy.
If it is a shame to turn his back to such attacks, it is also a disgrace not to block them.
His enemy will self-destruct once he retreats.
But he has a presentiment that he will lose something important if he does so.


The worries will end soon.
His enemy is at his limits. He will fall after two more blows, or three at most.

"Damn."
He clucks his tongue at the stupid thought.
He previously thought that his enemy would last two more blows. But he has received over ten blows since then.
The boy will not fall.
"............!"
He cannot hear the boy's voice.
The dying boy frantically opposes the obstacle in front of him.
That figure...
He stares at the figure with his own eyes for the first time.
I keep swinging the sword with arms that are about to tear off.
The only thing I have left is this one thing I'm saying with all my might.
".........isn't......!"
My barrage of strikes are compensation for that scream.
...There were people that could not save others, and there was me who could not save them.
I swore to myself never to let such a thing happen again, seeing the memories that meaninglessly disappeared.
"......It isn't......!"
How long has it been since then?
There were things I lost, and there were things I dropped.
There are always things that will be forgotten.
So I swore to myself never to forget this one fact.
To become a superhero.
I will protect it even if it isn't my wish, or even if it is just sophistry to soften my guilt.
It has to come true...
The person who saved me died, leaving those words behind.
I believe in the wish contained in those words.
Even if everyone in this world disagrees with me, and even if I myself curse me, I
And so...
He realizes that the attacks will not end.
His enemy will not stop.
He will not stop from his own will.
The boy is attacking with all his might, but he is not looking at his opponent.
The thing the boy is trying to defeat is his obstacle, his own self that is hindering himself.
He is swinging his sword to enforce what he has believed in, what he will keep on believing in.


Realizing that, the man grits his teeth in annoyance.
The boy keeps challenging it, knowing that he won't win and that there's no meaning to it.
That is the exact mistake he has detested.
So why...?
Why does he want to see how long the boy can continue?

"......! This is it, disappear!"
He raises his longsword.
His enemy's attacks are something he has to take seriously.
He repels the attacks and crushes his enemy's skull for sure.

A clanging sound.
The fatal attack is easily deflected.
The one who could not block his attacks until now repels a swing made with all his might.


He gasps.
He sees his enemy repel his sword and get back into stance.
The boy's eyes are...
...Looking straight at

The impact causes one of my arms and legs to break.
My sense of pain hasn't been numbed.
I use my fury to clamp down the pain that almost makes me wet my pants.
I don't have enough water. I can't release excess things.
The left side of the enemy's chest is open. Since half my body has broken, this will be my final blow.
But such thoughts do not fill my head.
The only thing in my head is...
He pulls back his longsword to protect his open left side.
He will make it.
He will easily make it.

This is my final blow.
"......It isn't a mistake......!"
That's the only thing in my head.
Even if Emiya Shirou is a fake, this is absolutely true.
For everyone to be happy...
That is an ideal everyone thinks of.
So I won't back down.
Because this dream is...
The unwavering gaze.
   Faults and lies,    shaking off everything,    running without stopping

"It isn't a mistake......!"

Those words are driven into his chest.
An attack made at full strength, defense that should have been fast enough...
The cogwheels never got into gear and the battle is decided quickly.


He hears the sound of the blade piercing him.


The one surprised is the knight in red.
His enemy attacked with determination to defeat him.
Then it is natural for his attack to do so.
The boy does not need to be surprised, nor does he have anything to spare to be surprised.


That is why the knight is the only one that is surprised.
It is a great wonder how he could not block an attack he could have easily blocked.

I support myself with my unbroken right leg.
The sword in my hand has pierced Archer's chest.

"Archer, why...?"
...Was she watching all this time from that place?
Still standing at the entrance, Saber questions Archer.


Archer does not answer.
He might not need to answeror maybe he doesn't know the answer.

"!"
My fingers throb.
My broken fingers scream at me that they do not want to hold the sword anymore.


...The knight in red does not move.
Even with a blade in his chest, a Servant should be able to easily counter-attack.
But his hands are lowered and show no sign of moving.
I know without being told what that means.

"I won, Archer."
I make the declaration while looking at him.
The knight in red closes his eyes once, and...

"Yes. And I lost."
He murmurs while looking off into the distance, as if to convince himself.
I pull out the sword.
The projected weapon disperses as soon as it touches outside air.

"Ah
guh."
The tension floods out of me, and I finally take notice of my condition.

"......Ha."
It's terrible.
The slashed wounds are healing, but lots of places are turning dark red.
...Archer said something about Saber's sheath, but what's that power putting priority on?
It heals the torn flesh at once, but it seems to be putting off the broken bones until later.

"...?"
Then.
I hear loud footsteps from the west side, the hallway that Lancer disappeared into.

Someone's coming.
She appears in the terrace and jumps down without hesitation.
"Ouuuu"
And she moans in pain at her landing.

"Shirou, are you all righ
 Wait, Archer! What's with that wound...!?"
She follows her sudden arrival with a torrent of questions.

It seems Lancer saved Tohsaka as he promised.
ButTohsaka's energy takes the power out of me.
Does she want to check on my safety, or is she angry about Archer's wound?

"......Man, I am really soft-hearted.
 If she'd been more cruel, I wouldn't have returned to my old self."

He talks sarcastically, but his voice only contains warmth.
After looking at Tohsaka once, the knight in red steps back as if to exit the stage.

"Well, the match is settled. A hero called Emiya cannot stay here now that he has approved of you.
 The loser should leave right away."


Without saying goodbye to Tohsaka, huh?
...His wound is deep and he has no Master.
He will disappear here, and he will return to the original place as a heroic spirit

"Huh?"
It happens in an instant.
It is a fatal attack that takes the opening in me, as I have relaxed after seeing Tohsaka.
Several swords are called forth.
The rain of swords comes down to pierce Emiya Shirou's body and

I fall.
I'm pushed back and I fall on my butt.


"Guh......!"
I'm pushed back about a meter.
In front of me...

...My broken limbs cannot support my body, and I do not have the power to get back up.
And so...
I can only look up at my self that got skewered in front of me.

"Who is it!?"
Saber's scream cuts open the silence.
She is looking at the second flooron top of the crumbled stairs.

"I have enjoyed it. Indeed, it was a pitiful battle, one befitting a pair of fakes."

"Archer......!?"
"Ten years, huh, Saber? I was going to go see you earlier, but my plans have changed. Unexpected things kept on happening, and things are going against my will."

Servant Gilgamesh. The one to defeat Berserker, and the one who killed Ilyasviel.
...He turns aside Saber's glare and looks down at me and the skewered Archer.

"Well, do you understand now? That is the strength of the real thing.
 No matter how well you imitate its shape and power, it is still only an imitation. It does not even approach the radiance of the real ones."

He raises his hand.
It's as if he is ordering his soldiers.

"I cannot even stand to look at a counterfeit that a faker has created.
 You piece of trash. You have nothing real within you.
 An imitation made by copying people should be turned into junk."
He shoots numerous Noble Phantasms.

The unavoidable rain pours down.
There are about thirty of them.
I couldn't dodge or block them even if I was in perfect condition.

Clouds of dust spring up.
The shower of swords tears apart the already-ruined hall.

But even in the midst of the chaos, I see it.
The red cloak flies.
Still skewered, he runs to me and pushes me once again.


I'm pushed away from the red figure.
His eyes are telling me...
..."You defeat him".
That as long as I defeated Archer and as long as I want to be a superhero, I must defeat him.

The clouds of dust fill my vision.
The red cloak sinks inside the rubble.
But I see it before he disappears.

His eyes are filled with confidence.
That Servant is no match for us, Emiya Shirou.
Neither Saber nor Tohsaka will be the one to defeat him.
My own self is telling me that Emiya Shirou is the natural enemy of that Servant

My vision clears up.
Dust is in the air, and the rubble is piled up high.
There is nothing else.
The knight in red disappeared underneath the rubble.

"Oh, I'm surprised, Archer. You had enough to spare to save someone else in that situation?"
His sarcastic words contain some scorn.
The man smiles in satisfaction as he looks down at the hall filled with Archer's blood.


Silence falls.
Gilgamesh is the most powerful being here.
Anyone that moves will follow Archer's fate.
Even Saber is silent, wondering how best to attack the enemy.
But.

"Whose permission did you get to attack my Archer!?"
With Archer's death, Tohsaka has lost her composure.

Light runs across space.
Pure destructive force, magical energy released from the jewel without any processing.

He does not even dodge it.
He isn't even scratched.
"I was going to kill that dying kid first.
 But it seems the order has changed, woman."
He orders the swords behind him to carry out Tohsaka's execution.

The sword is released at high velocity.
Saber runs with surpassing speed and protects her Master.

"S-Saber...!?"
"Please step back, Rin...! He is dangerous! He will kill you if you attack him recklessly...!

"Oh, so you are her Master now?
 Fine. Then I shall overlook your rudeness. I will lose one of my pleasures if Saber disappears."

Saber glares at the enemy while readying her invisible sword.

"Why are you here, Archer? You were summoned in the previous Holy Grail War.
 So why are you here again in this war?"
"That is wrong. I merely stayed in this world after the previous war."

"Wharidiculous. Servants should lose connection with this world once the Holy Grail disappears...! There is no way you can stay in this world for ten years...!"

"That is not true. The connection with this world is not the Holy Grail, but the Master. The Holy Grail merely opened up the passage. I can stay in this world as long as a magus provides me with magical energy."

"But then, there aren't that many Masters that can maintain a Servant without help from the Holy Grail. In that regard, my Master did not have enough magical energy."

"......? Then it should not be possible for you to stay in this world. If your Master cannot support a familiar like you, you should be dried up along with your Master."

"That depends on how one does it. Magi make up lack of a Magic Circuit with knowledge.
 In that regard, my Master was exceptional."

...'Was'?
Then his Master is gone now...?
No, his Master is Shinji.
The fact that he, the man who would not obey anyone, obeyed Shinji is the proof of that.

"...Then your Master did the same thing as Rider's Master...?"

"Yes. It is only natural to take away from others if you cannot supply it yourself.
 But to be honest, I did not need to do such a thing. I am the only Servant that the Holy Grail poured on. I have already completed the incarnation ten years ago."


Saber stares at the man in astonishment.
Saber hangs her head at the words "ten years ago".

"Yes, all thanks to you, Saber.
 I know what that thing is. I was covered in its intestines and I saw what 'existed' in it."

"Then you..."
"Yes. I understood the true identity of the Holy Grail.
 I decided at that time. I will be the only one who will handle it."

Saber.
No, looking down at all of us, he declares something that is unbefitting for a Servant.

"Youwill use the Holy Grail?"
"That's right. There is no need for me to share it with a parasite like my Master. I will use the Holy Grail for my objective.
 The biggest obstacle, the summoner, was eliminated.
 All that's left are pathetic magi that would be completely unsuited to being the vessel.
 Such failures are suited for my wish.
 But thenyour flesh might make a perfect Holy Grail."

The man looks at Tohsaka.
"Oh......"
Tohsaka must feel the danger, as she grows pale and steps back.

...His red eyes are ominous.
One would feel uncomfortable under the weight of that gaze.
His eyes are so aberrant that even Tohsaka is frightened of them.

"Ridiculous. The Holy Grail is what the Master obtains.
 We Servants cooperate with our Masters because we cannot obtain it ourselves...!"

"That is strange.
 The Servants are the only ones who can touch the Holy Grail, but Masters are the only ones who can obtain it?"

"Uhbut..."

"...Heh. It's all ridiculous nonsense.
 The fight for the Holy Grail by Seven Masters? A ritual where the last Master obtains the Holy Grail?
 That is only an excuse made for outsiders.
 The summoning of the Holy Grail is already completed. They always call for the seven Servants after the Holy Grail is prepared.
 Do you understand, king of knights? They do not want the Holy Grail, but what goes in it."

"Masters are just circuits to summon us. Magi made the Holy Grail, but they could not prepare its contents."

"I told you earlier, right? They are ones that take away from others if they cannot supply it themselves.
 The purest magical energy to fill the Holy Grail.
 The 'greatest souls of humanity', the guardians, are what they sought. The seven Servants are sacrifices they prepared."

"What?"
Saber looks up at the man in astonishment.
Her eyes are desperately trying to deny his words.
...That it isn't possible.
She is trying to deny it saying that what she wished for, the Holy Grail, cannot be such a thing.

"You should not be surprised. The Holy Grail is a filtration device that turns the soul into pure magical energy.
 Yes, it should let you grant any wish. It contains more magical energy than a magus could ever use within his lifetime.
 That is why it is better with more sacrifices. It should be omnipotent with six Servants as sacrifices.
 Five Servants have filled the Holy Grail. Only one more is needed for the omnipotent grail they sought."

"Then... Then only the Masters can handle the Holy Grail. If it is a repository of pure magical energy, only magi can use it.
 ...Yes. If the Master is an excellent magus, it"

"It will grant him any wish?
 You idiot. Such miracles are not given to mere humans. Humans only destroy themselves, no matter how much power they are given.
 Butdo not worry, Saber.
 This Holy Grail is real. If you insert seven Servants in it, it will reach the origin."

"......Origin......? Hold on. Then could the Holy Grail be...?"

"I do not know who it was, but the one who made this rule is a genius.
 But it does not concern me. I have no interest in such a thing. All I am interested in is the Holy Grail's ability to serve as the 'gate'."

"Whathe Holy Grail is a gate?"
"......Heh.
 It happened ten years ago. You opposed me right when I was about to obtain the Holy Grail.
 The Holy Grail was cut by the holy sword and what poured out burned the town.
 As I was right underneath the Holy Grail, I was showered with it."

"I understood the true identity of the Holy Grail at that time.
 It is worthless. It is worthless, but it does have its uses.
 Not many weapons are as specialized in murder as that. The Holy Grail is fine as is. There is no need to turn it into an omnipotent vessel."

"Weaponare you saying that a weapon is created out of Servants?"

"We are weapons to begin with. That thing has only perfected that. The Holy Grail is a gate to hell. 5.6 billion curses will flow out from it once it is opened.
 Kotomine did not tell you about it?
 The Holy Grail is named 'Angra Manyu', or 'all evils of the world'.
 It is mud that will consume every human being, like the name states."

......Angra Manyu?
I think that's the name of the devil in Zoroastrianism.
The leader of evil that opposes God for many thousands of years.
It is an embodiment of the evil in all human, and it is depicted as a reflected image of all humanity's good will.
But why is the Holy Grail named after the ancient Persian devil?

"Then your intention is to..."

"Yes, to sweep the humans away. I have no intention of admiring humanity like Kotomine. I only admire beautiful things.
 This world is enjoyable, but it is incorrigible at the same time.
 It is an insult to the king for so many wretches to be enjoying life.
 I do not want to rule over such a world."

"AAre you stupid!? What insult to the king...!? It's meaningless to be the king if all humans are eliminated!"

"I do not care if they die out. There is no point to their lives if they end them through their own crimes.
 I do not want lowlifes. The only ones worth ruling over are those that can survive even the flames of hell.
 In that respect, they were an utter failure ten years ago. If such a pitiful blaze will wipe them out, humans truly have become weak."

He grins.
For the first time...
He looks at me, who he said is a failure.

"I do not know what this 'all evils of the world' is.
 But it is convenient. It is a reaper that strikes down all humans equally.
 An endless darkness that is born from humans and kills them.
 It is an appropriate hound to entrust with the work I should be doing."

Gilgamesh raises his hand.
Behind him are Noble Phantasms waiting for the king's order.

"Then let us continue the battle from ten years ago. A boring lowlife got involved last time, but there will be no such interruptions this time.
 But thenit seems a worse faker is here...!"

The swords are all pointed at me.
"......!"
I will my broken legs to stand, but they do not move.

...Damn, I can't even manage to block one of those.
So whywhy did Archer leave behind that message...!?

"Hm?"
The swords disappear.
The golden Servant suddenly lowers his arm.
After looking up at the ceiling in discomfort, he brushes away the dust on his shoulder.

"The ashes will dirty me. You escaped death this time, child."
"Huh......?"

...The castle is burning.
I don't know who set the fire, but it must be huge.
The third floor is burning down and the second floor has caught as well.

...No, that's not the surprising thing.
He really stopped the battle just because he was going to get dirty from the ashes.

"Are you running away, Archer?"
"I am only changing the location. I have the Holy Grail.
 It is my policy to finish matters quickly. I shall quickly construct the Holy Grail and open up the gate to hell."

His golden hair flutters.
Gilgamesh walks to the terrace that isn't yet burning.

"You should hurry up if you want to recover it.
 The Holy Grail this time is a hurriedly-constructed defect. All the contents will spill out if you do not hurry...!"

His stifled laughter echoes through the room.
And he leaves the burning castle like that.
Sparks are dancing through the room, and the ceiling is tinted red.

...The gorgeous castle shows no traces of what it used to be.
The castle without a master crumbles without trace, as if to follow the girl in white.
"Haa, haa, haa, ha!"
Matou Shinji is running through the forest with beast-like breath.
He is actually running along a selected route, but his mentality is that of a wanderer.
He is running away without aim, so the word "wandering" is more befitting.

"DamnI was so close, and everyone's getting in my way...!"
He pushes the branches aside with one hand and runs while scattering wet dirt.
Leaving a trail of blood behind him, Matou Shinji heads to the edge of the forest.
He has not treated the wound he received from Lancer.
He does not feel his right arm anymore.
The wound is inflamed, and his arm will not move, as though dead.

"Hah... haa, ha, ah......!"
He must not be able to run with only one arm, as he slips and leans against a tree.
His dangling right arm is like a piece of trash.
As soon as he realizes that a part of his body is a useless piece of trash, Matou Shinji starts laughing.
"Hah... haha, ahahahaha."
The laughter comes out like a racking cough.

It hurts.
It must be because of the wound that his body is burning hot.
In a daze, he imagines one of his arms rotting away. After that, he imagines everyone around him rotting away.
Not just one of their arms.
He has one arm. All the other idiots should lose both of their arms.

"Ku"
He can't stop laughing.
With that decision made, the pain becomes bearable.
He has a legitimate purpose now.
The first thing he would do is collect every possible arm.
There will be no exceptions.

"...Ha, that's great. I know whose arms I'll get first."
The girl that did not become his.
Since she is his favorite, he cannot allow her to be superior to him.
"Yeah, just you wait, Tohsaka. I'll make you inferior."
Laughing, Matou Shinji raises his head.

"Huh?"
When did he appear? His Servant is standing right in front of him.

"You"
He looks at his Servant in surprise.
The golden Servant looks down at Matou Shinji as if looking at livestock.
"You are wounded. That must hurt."
And he says something that he does not mean.

"!"
Matou Shinji's face contorts.
Without realizing the true intention of his Servant, he glares at the man before him.

"'That must hurt'!? Whose fault do you think it is!? I got hit by Lancer because you're stupid!
 Don't talk shit when you can't even be my guard dog...!"
With his head on fire, Matou Shinji insults his Servant.
"Hm."
The golden Servant nods, saying "this will do".

"So Lancer inflicted that wound of yours, huh? Then it must have been him that released that Master."
"Yeah, Tohsaka ran away because you were such a slowass...! It makes me want to puke, thinking about how I lost her to somebody who was almost dead!"
"I see. That is too bad."

"...! Why are you so calm!? We can't obtain the Holy Grail without Tohsaka, right!? Damn, everything's ruined because of you! Do you understand!? What are we going to"
"Do not worry. Everything is as planned. The Holy Grail can still be created."
The Servant's voice contains no emotion.
Matou Shinji does not realize that the red eyes aren't looking at him.

"How!? Kotomine said that even if we have the Holy Grail, we can't make it if there's no vessel! That kid's heart is not enough. That won't turn into a Holy Grail unless we connect it to a Magic Circuit, right...!?"
Matou Shinji walks up to his Servant and scolds him for his stupidity.
The golden Servant nods and...

"There is no problem.
 There is another Master here that can be a vessel."
...He thrusts his arm.

A piercing sound.
Matou Shinji never finds out what the sound is.

"Huh?"
But he feels something funny in his stomach.
Looking down, he sees his Servant's arm there.
The fist is inside his body.
There is neither pain nor blood.
The Servant's arm is in his body, like the absurd spiritual operation he saw before.

"You want the Holy Grail, right? Then I shall give it to you. If you want it so much, do not let go of it."
"AhAh, ah?"
His blood vessels expand.
After feeling the sensation of billions of worms, squirming through his body and trying to get out...
"GiGi, gi?"
He becomes something that is not Matou Shinji.

"Gyagi, bia, ah, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....................!!!!!"

It convulses.
The swollen object is literally a lump of meat.
There is no shape to it.
It is composed of exposed meat and blood vessels, quickly forming meat, and quickly decaying meat.

"IIt hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it hurts, it's growing, it's growing, help, help, help, stop"
Unable to bear the pain of the repeating growth and decay and the sensation of "something" wriggling inside of him, he loses his sanity.
After watching it, the Servant lets him go as if nothing has happened.

"This is ugly. A powerful magus should not change form, but I guess it cannot be helped."
A chain comes down.
Descending from the sky, heaven's chains bind the writhing mass of flesh.

The balance of expansion and decay is about the same right now, but the Holy Grail should figure out its master soon enough.
Expansion should overwhelm the decay by then.
His Holy Grail should be completed in no time.

"Ugly things are tastier.
 Most of allyou shall spit out suitable mud, Shinji."
The Servant laughs.
And beside him...
The piece of meat repeats "help me" in a voice that is no longer human.
The lights are turned off.
The phosphorescent lamp is illuminating the room.


My heart is beating fast.
My hesitation was blown away with the kiss, but I grow more tense by the minute.
I get dizzy thinking about what I'm going to be doing.
I try to reason with my raging instincts, but my resistance is fading by the second.

"! "
...That's right. I'm not nervous because this is my first time.
I'm going to have sex with Tohsaka.
I finally realize that it's an outrageous thing.

"......"
Tohsaka is waiting for me.

"Well, Tohsaka..."
I walk towards her using my unresponsive legs, and try to touch her arm.

"...Hold on. Let's do it again before that. You do it to me this time."

I feel an impact, as if a nail is hammered into me.
...She must be as tense as me, if not more.
Tohsaka is bashful, and my tension is all blown away by her awkwardness.

"Okay. Let's do it again."
I hold Tohsaka's hand.
Her fingers are tense, her neck even more so.

"......"
Where did her previous confidence go?
Tohsaka curls up and waits for me like a small child.

"......Hey. Are you nervous, Tohsaka?"
"......! I-I'm not...! We already kissed once, so why do I have to be nervous...!?"

"I see. That's good. But I thought I'd ask, you know?"
"! J-Just carry on...!
 ......I-I won't let you to go any further unless you kiss me"

"!"
Crap, that just turned on my switch.
Tohsaka looks cute, trying not to let me see her trembling.

She closes her eyes and waits for my kiss.
Her lips are shaking and her body looks so weak right now.

"I'm doing it, Tohsaka."
I grab her arm and pull her towards me.
I try to copy what she did and kiss her.
I feel her lips for only an instant.
Tohsaka must have panicked as she suddenly pulls her head back.

"Oh"
Tohsaka looks up at me in blank amazement.
It's natural that she drew back.
I just pressed my lips onto hers.

"...I-I'm sorry. I didn't know how strong I should've done it."
"N-Nothat wasn't your fault."
She hangs her head in embarrassment and takes a deep breath.
"......I'm sorry. Um... you can continue, just as you were doing it."
Tohsaka blushes and closes her eyes.


My body heats up.
I don't even think about trying to be nice this time.
I press my lips onto hers as if to bite her.

"Ah... Hm..."
I feel a soft sensation.
We touch for only a second.
Our lips press against each other and melt into one.

"Ah... Ha... HmHm..."
", "
I feel our lips dissolving into each other.
I taste Tohsaka.
I can feel the warm softness of her wet lips, and the sensation of her breath escaping.

"Hmm... hm, ...Ah, mm....."
Everything is torture.
She's so close to me.
The one I love is as close to me as possible.
Touching her lips is driving me crazy, but this is still not enough.

I want to embrace her harder.
I want to melt into her.
My brain wants to reach ecstasy just from kissing her.
I feel an uplift like ejaculation.
But I can't orgasm from just a kiss, and it's driving me mad.

"Ha... hm, fuah, huh...?"
", Ha."
My penis is already erect.
...I push my erect self onto Tohsaka.

"Ah, hm... What... is this... Shirou? Something's... hitting me"
Tohsaka's breathing goes wild.
As it does, a red flush begins to spread up her neck.

"Hahm, hmm, hm......"
...We don't try to do anything else but press our lips together.
Our lips remain closed, and we do not even try to put our tongues out.

I'm scared we won't be able to turn back if we do so.
That's why we're only kissing with our lips.
It's an incomplete contact, neither deep nor soft.

"Ah... Hm, ah, it's getting harder..."
"...Hm, haTohsaka..."
"Hm... Ah......!"
I reach out with my arms as if to reach out for air.

"Haa... ahhuh? Wait, Shirou...!?"
I keep Tohsaka still using my right hand.
I use my left hand to grab her breast.

"Hm...! N-No...! Don't grab me there, ou......!"
I cover up her mouth.
I'm not going to listen to her complaints.
I can feel her breathing, even as I squeeze her breast in my hand.

"Ow, it hurts...! Don't do it yet...! We have to stay at a kiss right now...! Hm, hm...!"
"Why not...? Your breasts feel good"
I frantically dig my fingers into her flesh.

"Ahhm...... My breasts feel good...?"
"...Yeah... Touching them makes you seem even more like a woman? You're cute when you're embarrassed and panting."

"You idiotwhat are you saying... Hm, fuh...! Ha, haa... hm............ You idiot."
She sighs.
Tohsaka's breast fits in my hand.
It barely escapes my hands when I squeeze them.
I think its shape and softness are in perfect balance.

"...Tohsaka. Does it still hurt?"

"......Huh......? Ah, hm... it hurts, butI'm getting... used to it. So... I'll bear it for a bit longer..."

She pants.
...Her body is heating up.
I can see her breasts heaving, even under her shirt.
She's still resisting me, but she's trying her best to catch her breath so that she can accept it.

"Hm."
"......Huh, Shirou...?"
I pull back, bringing our lips apart.
I can't stand it any longer, and there's no need to restrain myself.
We're both ready for this.
I might lose all control if it continues like this for much longer.

"...Um. Can we get started, Tohsaka?"
Even though we're ready, it's still embarrassing to say it.
It must be the same for Tohsaka.
"............Yeah. I was thinking the same thing."
She replies with a red face.

"...Then I'm taking off my clothes. Can you look away...?"
"OhI see."
I quickly turn my back to her.
...That's right.
Having sex means getting naked.
I forgot that simple, yet scary, fact until now.

"Ugh........."
Sweat forms on my forehead.
I get dizzy just imagining Tohsaka's naked body.
I bet my heart will beat twice as fast if I actually see it.

".........Hm."
No, it's good if that's the only thing that happens to me.
...I hear her taking her clothes off.
I'm worried if my sanity will still be there once I look behind me.

"...Hey. Why are you spaced out, Shirou?"
"Huh?"
"You're supposed to be getting naked too...! Y-You're a failure as a man if you're only letting the girl take off her clothes...!"
"Oh. Y-You're right. Sorry, I don't know what I was thinking...!"
I quickly strip down.

So.
"...Fine. You can turn this way now, Shirou."
I prepare myself and turn around.
I honestly think I'll get a nosebleed if I don't prepare myself.

"........."
I narrow my eyes and try not to look at Tohsaka.
Then.

"HEY, WHAT IS THAT!!!!?"

"Huh?"
My embarrassment and hope are blown away by her scream.

"T-Tohsaka...?"
"Whoa, hold on! Don't come over here....!
 What is that!? No way, no way, no way......!?"
Tohsaka panics.
...But Tohsaka still keeps her eyes on meno, on my erect penis.

"......Tohsaka. I don't know what you're surprised about, but that really hurts, you know."
Um, it hurts my pride as a man.

"Uhum."
That must have calmed her down.
Her face still burning, Tohsaka stares at my member.

"......Tohsaka. Um, that's difficult for me too. I'll have trouble restraining myself if you keep staring at it like that."
"Oh... I'm sorry. But, um, I was surprised."
She reaches out as she says so.

"H-H-Hold on! W-What are you going to do...!?"
"Oh, it looked so hard, so I thought about poking it..."
Tohsaka twirls her finger, her face turning even more red.

"!"
Y-You've got to be kidding...!
I might explode if Tohsaka pokes it with her finger...!

"AAre you stupid!?
 Don't do such embarrassing things...! Don't go near dangerous things!"
I don't know what I'm saying, but I try to keep Tohsaka away.

"...You're acting strange, Tohsaka. Does mine look weird?"
I object.

"Eh... No, that's not it... Um, it's different from what I heard. Um, I thought it was going to be smaller..."
She shows me the length she'd imagined with her fingers.
The distance between them is only about half as long as my erect penis.


It seems Tohsaka is thinking of when it is limp.

"...Hey. Is this really coming inside of me...?"
She blushes and asks me timidly.
But...
"I-I don't know! This is my first time, so there's no way I would know!"
I yell, hoping to make her back down.


Tohsaka looks at me in surprise.
"...I see. Yeah, so it's your first time too, huh?"
Then, she lets out a sigh of relief.

"........."
...Hold on.
By "you too", she means

"...Tohsaka, is this your first time?"

She replies with a glare.
It looks like she's saying "is that bad?"

"Ugh"
If this is her first time, um, she's a virgin, so it has to be painful for her.
Not only that, but it could be hard for her to get any pleasure out of sex

"Tohsaka, you..."
"...Humph. Forget about it. I'm the one who brought this up, so I'm prepared for it.
 ...I'm used to pain. Don't worry about me and you just concentrate on your own orgasm."
"...Um, you mean... ejaculate, right?"

"Yes. But don't let your guard down.
 We can't connect unless we both reach orgasm at the same time so that our protections come down.
 I'll take care of the contract and the connection of our Magic Circuits, so all you have to do is have sex with me."


That's right.
This is a ritual to get her to share her magical energy.
I can't just be driven by my desires.
All the more so if Tohsaka is a virgin.
We have to orgasm together, so I better make sure I pleasure Tohsaka as much as possible.

"We're only doing this to connect with each other, so don't do anything else, okay? ...I don't think I need to tell you, but I'll get angry if you do weird things."
"...? What do you mean by weird things?"

"Eh...? U-Um, like ejaculating inside of me or expecting me to do it with my mouth."
She hangs her head in embarrassment.

My desire surges up again at her gesture.
Her skin stimulates my desires.

"I know. But can I ask you something before we start?"
"W-What? I'll get angry if you tell me to do anything weird!"
Tohsaka glares at me, doing her best to look angry.
Seeing her cute embarrassment blows away my own embarrassment.

"Well, it's a simple question. Why aren't you taking off your top?"
"Huh...?"
Tohsaka sits there, dumbfounded.
The question must have caught her off-guard, as she looks at me as if she's seen a ghost.

And I wait for a few seconds before she replies.
"I-I don't have any particular reason! T-This is fine, right!? I-I-I only need to take my bottom off to do it, so I don't have to get naked."
"Why? I'm naked."

"......! That's fine because you're a guy! Girls have their reasons, so it's best if I'm covered up a bit...!"
Tohsaka pulls back as if running away.
That shirt must be Tohsaka's last defense.

I understand how she feels. It might be fine to let her keep her shirt on if it helps her keep calm.
But that's an excessive request.
I don't think any man would be able to consent to that.

"That's a problem. I might dirty your shirt, and I won't be able to concentrate if I have to worry about that. And..."
"Ugh. T-That's your problem. E-Even if you can't concentrate, I can concentrate, so"
"And I want to see your body. I won't do it unless you get naked."

"Y"
Tohsaka shuts her mouth upon hearing my selfish request.

"Tohsaka."
"F-Fine, you blockhead! I'll do as you wish, so turn around and close your eyes!"
"Oh, o-okay."
I'm taken aback at her pressure and close my eyes.
I don't hear the sound of her clothes.
I just feel the air moving behind me.

"......All right. You can turn around now, Shirou."
I nod silently at her tense voice.

A guest room without any moonlight...
Tohsaka's body is illuminated by the warm lamp, and it is so beautiful that it shatters my composure.

"............"
Tohsaka silently tries to avoid my gaze.
Her skin looks soft.
Her limbs look a bit girlish, as if they are not fully matured.
Her breasts, covered by her hands, are of perfect size. I bet they would shake like gelatin if I poked them with my finger.


I think praising her is unnecessary, so I continue to stare at her.
...Then.
I notice one part of her that hasn't changed.

"......Um. Aren't you going to take your stockings off, Tohsaka?"
"Do you have a problem with that? This is as far as I'm going to go. ...I won't let you see everything on our first time."
She sulks and looks away.

I don't think her legs will matter when she's taken off so much clothing, but I can't complain if she puts it like that.
...And she's already too seductive. I'll just accept this compromise right now.

"......All right. We're starting, Tohsaka."
I grab her arm without waiting for a reply.
...I push her onto the bed.
Her red-tinted body sinks into her long, black hair.

"Oh... Shirou. Um, if you can..."
"I know. I'll go slow, so you can just lie there."
"...Okay. Please go on."
Her voice trails off uneasily.
I slowly place my fingers on her breast.

"Ah... hm..."
I touch her well-shaped breasts.
Her plump breasts are hot, just like the rest of her body.

I wrap my hand around Tohsaka's female symbol.
"...Wow."
I let out a voice of surprise.
My mind goes crazy at its soft firmness.
The softness of her breasts stimulates my manhood.

"...No, that... hm, hurts a bit."
"Huh?"
I didn't squeeze them too hard, but it must have been painful for Tohsaka.
But I'm not calm enough to stop.
I want to feel her softness.
I want to continue feeling her breasts.

"Then... I'm doing this."
"Huh...? Ah, uh...!?"
I streak my tongue across her breast while keeping it in my hands.

"Haa... hm, that... tickles, but, that's, fine, hm...!"
I'm only pushing down on her breasts with my hands.
But they stick to my fingers, as if sucking on them.

"......Ah... Hm..."
"Hm... Do you like it, Tohsaka...?"
"Eh... oh, n-no, that's... not it..."
...Her breathing quickens.
While licking the breast, my tongue naturally reaches the very tip.

"Ah... mm..."
I lick her pink nipple as if tasting it.
I poke it and roll it with my tongue.

"...Ahh, hm"

Tohsaka is breathing faster and faster.
...Her breasts are getting hotter.
Her nipples are getting harder.

"Ha...... Haa... Mm, ah..."

But it seems Tohsaka isn't ready yet.
...She's breathing impatiently.
Tohsaka isn't that sensitive yet.
...It might be impolite to say this, but Tohsaka seems like the type that's hard to please.

"Hahm, Shirou, your tongue is hot... and wet... Ah, ya"

But I can't stop myself.
I'm licking her breasts and I'm already wanting to bite her nipples.
My brain is stimulated every time my legs rub against Tohsaka's thighs.
The soft sensation runs up my spine and into my brain.

"Ah, haa, hahm......!"
...Plus, Tohsaka is panting and opening up her body in front of me.


I want to taste her even more.
I want to make Tohsaka mine by force and

"Ah, hm...... Hya...!? N-No, where are you going, Shirou...!?"
I slide my tongue across her body.
I move my face below her chest.
I slide from between her breasts and down.

".........!!! No, ah, hm...!"
Her compliant body suddenly shakes.
"N-No...! Stay away from my belly button...!"
Tohsaka tries to hide her belly button.

"Hm... You're weak here, Tohsaka?"
"Ohhya, hyaa, uhhh......!!"
I block her hand with my forehead and lick her pretty belly button.

"Ah, nono, don't... Ah, hm, ah, no"

There's no power in her hands.
I can do whatever I want. My tongue goes past her pubes and reaches a small lump.

"Ah, hm......!!!!"
Tohsaka's voice gets higher.
I guess this is stimulating even for her.

"Hm, in that case"
"Ah... no...! Ha, ah... ahh...!"
I push away the skin of the bud with my tongue and expose her clit.
Her clit is swollen red and I bet it will shake if I poke it.

"Ha, ah, ahhhh...! N-No, don't, touch me there...! I-I'll really hate you if you do..."
Her tone of voice changed and she sounds like she's begging now.

"......?"
I raise my head to question her.
"Ah... haa... haa... ha.. Don't do it. If you touch me there, um... I'll get an orgasm before you will."
Tohsaka confesses.

"Hm... it's fine, so put it in... I'm... ready."


Is she really ready?
It doesn't look like she's wet enough.
It's starting to heat up, but it's not wet at all, and I don't think I can fit myself in there

"......!"
What should I do?
I should carry on caressing her in a situation like this, right? I hear it'll hurt unless I loosen it up with smaller things like my tongue and fingers...

"...Tohsaka. I know what you were telling me before, but I think I have to lick it at least, or something."
"Ehy-you mean lick mine...!?"
She resists, embarrassment clearly audible in her voice.
Her genitals are also excretory organs.
It seems like it's a big deal for her to have someone put his mouth down there.

"N-No...! You don't want to do such a thing, right...!?"
"I don't care. I won't mind doing it to you."
"! Uh... um. B-But don't do it. I'm fine... and, um... It's a problem for me if you do it."
"...? ...Problem?"

"I-It just is, okay...!? I'll go crazy if you do anything more to me, and it's embarrassing too, so just don't look at me too much, okay...!?"

"Oh. I see, so..."
She's just like me.
It's really embarrassing to get naked and have your body looked at.
...It was embarrassing for the guy, so it must be even more embarrassing for Tohsaka.
We're going to be having sex, but it seems Tohsaka doesn't want me to look at her vagina.

"...All right. I'm putting it in, okay?"
"............"
She replies by nodding.
I open up her legs and put my waist between them.
I grab my erect penis and push it onto her slit

"Hah, gu......!"
Tohsaka jumps.
I only pushed it in a bit, but Tohsaka reacts violently.

I hear a wet sound.
The erect penis goes between Tohsaka's red slit into her pink walls.

"Haah, ah, mn......!!"

"!"
Voice escapes my mouth at her hot, narrow hole.
Tohsaka isn't that wet as expected.
As it isn't wet, I'll be penetrating into her.

"Haah......! I-It's coming in...!"
It feels like I'm ripping it in rather than inserting it.
Her flesh is tearing as I push in further.

"......! I, ah... ku, hm...!"
I stop myself.
I think I'll d something to Tohsaka if I continue.
Tohsaka is gritting her teeth and bearing it, even though I still don't even have half of my tip inside of her.

"Ahhaa... haa... ah..."
Her body is tinted red from her own heat.
Drops of sweat form on her skin and her fingers are scratching the bed as if to bear my insertion.


If all this is caused just by inserting my tip into her, then there's worse to come.
But I've already started.
I feel Tohsaka already, even though she may only be in pain.

"Ah... haa... ah... fua."

Listening to her pained voice, I barely retain my sanity.
...I'll go slow.
I'll slowly put it in her so that it won't be painful.

"Relax, Tohsaka."
"Huh...? Ah, mn...! Hm...!"
I slowly push my hips.
It's really tight inside of Tohsaka.
I squeeze myself through her tight walls.
No, I'm wrenching open her pussy using my wet weapon.

"Haa, nn, no...! It's too big, no, it won't fit...!"
I don't feel like I'm being accepted.
Tohsaka feels only pain, and her body refuses the intruder coming into it.

"Hah!"
No, it isn't just that.
Her pussy contracts to push out the foreign substance.

"Ah, na, ah, ku......!"

"Haahh......!"
I push it open using force, taking the greatest care not to push in too fast.

...Damn.
It must be difficult for Tohsaka, but it's hard for me as well.
It mentally tires me to go easy on her, and her vagina is constantly stimulating me.
Her walls are contracting around me.
I feel her warmth through my penis.
The sensation of her fills up my brain.

"Guh"
I grunt at the sensation coming from my penis.
I want to go wild, but I restrain myself.
...It's hard for me.
I might ram it in her all at once if I let my guard down.

"Ah... It's... coming in"

I push it in slowly.
I manage to fit my head into Tohsaka.

I stop and check how Tohsaka's doing.

"Ahhaa, ah, ha......"

...She's breathing slower now.
I managed to get my tip in, so I think it'll be easier from now on.
But.

"Hm...... I-Is it not all in yet...?"

Tohsaka holds back her tears as she looks up at me uneasily.


...I'm just getting started here.
I only got my tip in.
This is just the start if I am to move my penis in and out.

"No, we're just getting started. I need to put it in more."

"...Oh, I see... So it's only the tip, huh?"
She murmurs.
...Tohsaka is at her limit.
Her pussy isn't wet.
Her walls are trying to keep me out.
It's not just her body.

...No matter how firm she may be... No, it may be because she acts firm all the time, but Tohsaka looks so vulnerable when she's naked.
She seems afraid of someone else coming into her body.

"...What do you want to do? Should we rest for a while...?"
"...No, I'm well rested now. ...I'm sorry for worrying you."
"Are you sure, Tohsaka?"

"...Yeah... I'm fineso go ahead, Shirou."

I'm filled with the urge to embrace her.
But I can't do anything unnecessary to her, as she's got her hands full with bearing the insertion.

"...Relax, okay? Tell me to stop if it hurts."
"...Yeah, I know."
I raise her hips just a bit.
Tohsaka squeezes my tip hard.
I spread open her walls to fight against it.

"Ha, nuu, mn...!!"

Tohsaka blushes at the different feeling of my rim going through her walls.

...I think it's a reaction she hasn't shown before.
She was only bearing the pain up to now.
She must have fully realized she's having sex now.
I see pain and embarrassment on her face.

"Ah... ha, ah, hmShirou, it's getting better, so... you can... be a bit more forceful"
Tohsaka tries her best to relax.
She's trying her best to take me in.

"Toh... saka"
...I might be able to now...
I might be able to go deeper into Tohsaka.

"Kya...!? Fua, hm, naa!!!!"

I push my hips in a bit harder.
My penis plunges into her.
Tohsaka shakes from the force.
I feel something elastic on my tip.

"Ah, haa, ou... Hm, haa, ou, ah... Haa, no... no...!"

"!"
Her walls squeeze hard on my penis.
Tohsaka's vagina tries to push me out as if screaming.

"Ah, guh."
I went too fast.
I hear her groan and quickly pull myself back.

"Oh... Why are you stopping...?"
"Why?"
"Hm... I'm fine... it hurts, but... it was only a bit. Please continue... Shirou..."

She appeals to me while trying to hide her pain.

She must have felt it pressing on the sign of her virginity.
Tohsaka knows what it means, but she's still bearing it.

"Mm, fua!!!!"
I push it in once more.
I move my penis awkwardly.
Tohsaka's body jumps when I move it just a bit.

"Ha, hm... Something's hitting me"
...She doesn't need to tell me.
I feel a wall that's blocking me that's different from the one squeezing me.

"...Emiya-kun...?"
Tohsaka looks up at me uneasily.
I nod back to her.
"I'm putting it in. I'm taking your virginity, Tohsaka."
Unwilling to put it off any longer, I push myself all the way into her in one motion.

"Ah, na, ahhhhh......!"
I push into her.
She tightens around me more than ever.

"Fu"
There's so much pressure that I feel like it's being cut off.
The sharp pain converts into pleasure and multiplies my joy at becoming one with Tohsaka.

"Ah, ou, ouch, no, I, I, ah, haa, ah! Haaha, na... it, fu, ahhhhhhh......!!!!!!"

Her pussy squeezes me.
But that doesn't last long as the pressure goes away slowly.

"AhAh... haa, ah...... hm......"
It's easy after that.
Tohsaka's body loses power after I take her virginity.
The last half of my penis goes into her as if the previous difficulty was a lie.

"Ah......Ha."
...Tohsaka catches her breath.
I won't be going deeper into her, so all that is left is to slowly soften her up.

"......Ha, ahis it all in...?"
I don't need to answer.
My penis is deep within her.
My erect penis fills up all of her vagina so that there's no extra space.
Even my tip is touching the entrance to her womb.

"Oh... moving it is..."
...Is it an after-effect of losing her virginity or is it resistance to the thing inside of her?
Unable even to lift up her arm, Tohsaka can only stare at the place where we are connected.
There's the surprise of accepting something she thought would never go into her, and the uneasiness of not knowing what to do now.
She already looks so cute that...

"Tohsaka, can I-"
"Ah... hm... I see... I'm filled with Shirou."
"!"
I can't ask her if I can move or not.

"Oh... it's... getting bigger"
She looks bewildered.
I ignore it and...
"I'm moving, Tohsaka. I can't hold it any longer."
"Eh... ah, hm...!?"

"Fu"
I pull my hips back.
I pull my boiling meat out of the hole that has been contracting to push me out.

"Ah, ahn...! No, nha, hafua, mm...!"
My stimulated cock is still full of desire.
There's no need to hurry.
I'll move slowly so that Tohsaka's body can get used to me.

"Haa... Ahhh... hm, ku...!"
Our flesh slides together.
I slowly move my waist back and forth to match Tohsaka's breathing.

"Ah, hm... No, don't move... Nha, ha... I still... have trouble breathing... Ah..."

Tohsaka's saying something under her ragged breath.
But my body doesn't follow my order.

"Haa...! No, Shirou, it still hurts...!"
I still hear pain in her voice.
Even though I took her virginity, the pain won't go away after I move it once or twice.

"Ah... Hm, haa, ah, mm...! It hurts... hm... it hurts, but..."
But still, I see some change.
I slowly keep moving in and out of her.

"......! Haa, ah... ha, haa, ah...!"

Her tense body gets hotter.
She still feels pain.
But at the same time
"Good... I'm really having sex."
Tohsaka's eyes well up with tears as if to show her relief.

"Ah, hm, ahh...! It's good, Shirou, keep moving"

She's accepting me.
She's enduring her pain and taking her time to accept a foreign intruder.

"HarderI'm a girl, too, na, fua, ah!!"

Tohsaka pants with her shoulders and tries to keep up with me.
Her tightness starts to send something other than pain up into my spine.

Our movements create a wet sound.
"Ahha."
Her tight pussy starts to get slippery. The scorching hole starts to turn into a heaving sea.

"Ah... Haa... ah, hahm... Ah, it feels good......!"
She must be getting used to it.
My pre-cum blends with Tohsaka's love juice.
Our movements create bubbles between us.


The female organ and the male organ rub against each other.
"Haa."
Pleasure runs up my spine into my brain.
There's no way I can bear this.
I want to embrace Tohsaka.
This gentle sex isn't enough for me.

"Eh, hm...? ...Shirou...? Wait... isn't it a bit strong...? ...Mm... Can you move... slower?"

I don't hear her.
And besides...
"...You should be able to take this. It's getting smoother than when we first started."
"Ha... but this is good enough for me"
"It's not good enough. I want to embrace you even more."
My reason has already been thrown to the wind.

"No, ah......!? Ha, Shirou, it hurts...!"
I push it into her.
I throw my previous gentleness out the door.
I move my hips violently so that our waists hit each other...!

"......!! Ya, ha, no, stop, naaa...!"
Her body arches back.
I can't contain my lust and it even turns Tohsaka's voice into urges.

"Ha, nha, haa, ah! Ou, it's rubbing me...! Ah, ha, ah, hm!?"
She twists her hips to get away.
But there's nowhere for her to go as I'm holding them, so all she can do is stay there and accept me.

"Stop, I'm telling you... to stop...!
 Fuaa, hm, ku...! I'm really gonna get mad...!"
"Haayou can resist me if you want... You're not doing it because it feels good, right?"
"...But... I-I can't put power into my limbs, ah, hm, ahh...!"

I'm shaking her body, and her long hair scatters across the bed.
Her well-shaped breasts shake like jelly and the pure sight of it drives me crazy.

"No, no, It'll tear apart... again...! Ahh, ou, it really hurts... nn, fua, haa, no, ha...!"

I keep moving in and out.
The movement is smooth.
Her love juice and the blood from losing her virginity are dampening her pussy.
The movement creates wet sounds...!
The friction encourages my sensitive penis.

"Haaah, ahh......!"
", , ......!"
I feel nauseous.
I grit my teeth and bear the pleasure that makes me want to scream.
It should be the same for Tohsaka.
Her soft-looking skin is covered with sweat.

"AhAh, ahit hurts... but it feels goodyou're mixing me up too much, so I'm going crazy!"

"Ah... haa, kuh...!"
It feels like we're entangled with each other.
No, it's not just a feeling.
We are connected.
I'm penetrating Tohsaka, and Tohsaka is accepting me.
This is the pure action to try to take each other in.

The movements make a wet sound...!
This act is intended to make us one.
I keep up my simple movement of moving back and forth.

"Ahno, it's coming deeper!"

The simple movement unifies our minds.

"Hait's coming in deep"

This raw pleasure burns away my sanity.
This simple, simple, simple action feels so good!

"Ha, ah, hah......!!!!"
I move faster.
I push in so hard that I might go into her womb.

"Ahh, nha, ha, ah! Ow, ow, ow, it hurts, Shirou...!!"
I'm not holding anything back now.
I want her so much that I want to break her body, her tears, and her voice

"Ah, faah, no, ah......! This, this is scary, no, nonononono...!"
Pain isn't the only reason she's screaming.
Tohsaka fears the pleasure coming from the violent thrusts.
As proof...

"...! Tohsaka, you're so tight...!"
She reacts to my desire.

"I-It's not my fault...! I-It's all your fault, Shirou, hn, haa, ah, ahhhh...!"
The sensations from my penis fill my mind with blinding light.

Tohsaka is getting tighter.
Her walls are contracting around me.
Her soft meat tightens around my tip, my shaft, and my whole penis.
The sensation is so overwhelming that it makes me want to explode my brains out as well.

"AghTohsaka...!"
"Ow, ow, it hurts, but it feels good!
 Ah, ahn, uha, haa, ah...! I-I'm melting, I'm going crazy...!"

Her thighs are slick with dripping juice.
Her tense body is now a ripe fruit.
I push in my penis.
Her walls close around me, simultaneously accepting and resisting.
I pull out and push it back in over and over.

"Ahh, nha, ah, haa...! I-I'm gonna break, you're filling me up...!"

I stimulate her and blow away her reason.
I push her mind up to a higher level.
There's no limit.
I just need to get our minds to white out and

"AhAh, nha, ahhhhhhhhh......!"
Tohsaka lets out a loud moan.
With her eyes closed in pleasure, she tightens around me to make me ejaculate.

My vision flickers.
I can't think.
I can only see the person in front of me, Tohsaka Rin.
Our minds are at their limits.
They stimulate one another and the pleasure increases with it.

"Ha, ah......!"
Our minds are melted together.
There's nothing to hold back now.

"NoI can't hold it anymore...! Shirou, I...!"
Just like Tohsaka, who is trying to bear her orgasm, I'm about to explode as well.
"Toh... saka...!"
And I push it in.
I push it into her so hard that my penis would strike her womb...!

"Shirou...! Shirou, nha, ahh, haah, you idiotah...!!!!"

"Guh......!?"
Tohsaka's body loses strength and falls onto the bed.
Lightning runs through me at that moment.
Tohsaka's walls convulse violently as she orgasms.

"Ah...!"
Her walls squeeze my shaft.
My penis is wrapped around by numerous walls.
She squeezes cum out of me as if to get me back for all I've done to her.

"! Ah"
I can't hold myself back anymore and release it.
I ejaculate onto her defenseless body.
...What a bad mistake.
I managed to pull my hips back at the last second so that I wouldn't ejaculate inside of her, but

"...T-Tohsaka."
I try to apologize, but I stop myself.

"......Ah...... Hm...... It's so hot..."

I guess it's meaningless to tell Tohsaka anything right now.
She is spaced out from the orgasm, and she is trying to catch her breath.

"Haa."
I'm tired as well.
I should be resting so that I can regain my energy.
I should be, but

"......Hm... It's so sticky... Ha, Shirou's is spilling away..."

"......!"
Tohsaka's figure is too tempting.
My cum is spilled on her heated body.
My semen drips down her soft skin every time she breathes.

"Ahugh."
...This is bad.
My lust might return if I keep watching something like this.

"...Is there anything to wipe with?"
I shake my head and look through the room.
I want to keep watching her, but this is no time to be doing that.
We're done now, so Tohsaka will scold me unless I switch my mind

"...I can't believe it.
 Don't you remember anything about being gentle, you beast!?"

Hey.
Tohsaka still scolds me.
And it's not in her usual arrogant way. She's yelling at me in a way that makes me realize I've done a bad thing.

"Um, Tohsaka."
"...You stupid Shirou. I told you it hurts. ...I'm never going to have sex with you again."
"Uh
um."

What can I say back to that?
I think I'll only piss her off more if I apologize, but I think it does no good to say nothing.

"Tohsaka, um..."
I can't look away from her tears and I try to find something to talk about.

"......Oh yeah. Did the contract go well? Um, it turned out like that in the end, but..."
"Of course! I'd be doing the same thing to you if we couldn't connect our circuits after that!"

"Oh."
She yells at me.
I don't know if I've succeeded, but Tohsaka is yelling at me as usual.

"I see. Then our Magic Circuits are connected, right?"
"...It's a one-way path from me to Shirou, but yeah.
 It will take a bit before the effect takes place, but you should be able to receive my magical energy supply as a reserve tank."

Tohsaka glares at me as she explains.
Tohsaka created our connection even when I was going wild over her.

"Then..."
"Yes. I can provide you with enough magical energy to activate your Reality Marble.
 The rest is up to you now."


I close my right hand in front of Tohsaka.
I don't really feel it yet.
But I believe our contract is there, since Tohsaka said so.

"Thanks, Tohsaka. And I'm sorry. I couldn't hold myself back and made you cry."

"......! Humph! I won't forgive you even if you apologize.
 You made me cry twice, so I'm going to get you back someday!"
Tohsaka glares at me.

...I don't know if she's angry or just sulking.
Tohsaka's voice is surprisingly kind.


So I'm forced out of Tohsaka's room.
She told me that girls have their business, so I should be considerate and go back to my room.

"...Don't be stupid. Guys have a lot of business as well."
I do, but I didn't say so in front of Tohsaka.
I bet she would have gotten me back right on the spot if I said so.

"......Besides..."
No matter what Tohsaka may need to do, it's true that we don't have much time.
The date has changed already.
I bet we should be heading out to the Ryudou Temple within an hour.

"Hmyeah, this is..."
I close my eyes and feel the magical energy pouring into me.

Tohsaka isn't consciously supplying me with magical energy yet, but it's already enough to fill me up.
If Emiya Shirou's magical energy capacity is 20 or 30, she always has 500 magical energy.
...I'm sure it would take years to fill up her whole capacity, but I bet her maximum capacity could reach a thousand.

"...I'm amazed. She really is amazing."
It makes me realize her greatness again.
Well, she's exhausted right now and most magi only keep about 80 percent of their magical energy, so Tohsaka has about 400 magical energy right now.

But that is still a huge amount.
I use about two magical energy to use one strengthening magic, and about five magical energy to use one projection magic.
Using that example, I can use my projection magic dozens of times now when I could only do it six times before.

"......Well, a cheap vehicle will overheat even if there is enough gasoline."
But this has greatly increased my power.
I might even be able to beat that king of heroes with this.
All that's left is

"There's one more hour. I should rest my body until then."
I'll rest and restore the energy I used by having sex.
...Everything is set.
I'll fully prepare myself since Tohsaka has opened up her body to me.
I turn off the lights in my house.
It's four in the morning.
With dawn still a few hours away, we leave the Emiya household.

Everything is arranged already.
There's nothing to talk about now. We just need to go to battle and fulfill our roles.

...There's no guarantee that we'll come back alive.
No, that has been the case all along, but there's less of a guarantee this time.
That's why I'm carefully turning off all the lights.

"...Huh?"
There's someone standing in the yard.
The golden-haired girl is just standing there, looking up at the night sky.

"Hey. What are you doing, Saber?"
"I was watching the sky and this house."
Her reply is gentle.
She is looking at the house with an expression different from the first time I met her.

"A lot has happened. I want to engrave the events in my mind so that I will remember them forever."

It is...
...The voice of one prepared not to return.

"I see. ......Yeah, please remember it if you can."
I make a clumsy wish from the porch.

"Yes. Then I have a favor to ask of you as well.
 I will protect you two. So please come back to this house together."
"Yeah. We'll come back here no matter what."

That's all I can manage to say.
We're going to go destroy the Holy Grail. At the same time, Servant Saber will be returning to her original place.

Even if I want her to stay here, and even if Saber is attached to this house...
As long as she is a Servant, she cannot go against the law.

"Hey, what are you doing!? We don't have time, so hurry up...!"
A voice urges us from the entrance.
Tohsaka must be waiting at the gate, ready to go.

"Shirou."
"Yeah, let's go settle this once and for all."
I turn off the last light and leave the house with Saber.

A quiet night.
The illusion of the girl staring up at the stars is still lingering in the yard.

The plan goes like this.
Saber will head into the Ryudou Temple from the front while Tohsaka and I sneak in from the back.

Saber will enter before us so that she can get Gilgamesh's attention.
We will use that opening to sneak in, quickly destroy the Holy Grail, and go help Saber.

...I'll keep Gilgamesh at bay by projecting his Noble Phantasms, allowing Saber to finish him off
That is the only plan we have.


It is a path that you can barely call a road.
Tohsaka must have researched it beforehand, as she goes up without hesitation.

At night, the mountain is dark and ominous.
It is natural for the sacred mountain to reject people.
The dark mountain is threatening, but it is an embodiment of the pure gods at the same time.
But

"...This isn't normal. It smells so bloody that I feel sick."
Tohsaka stares up at the summit, where the Ryudou Temple is.
"Smelling bloody" is just a phrase Tohsaka used.
There is no smell of blood coming from the mountain.
It just feels strange.
The air is damp, and it sticks to the skin like a membrane.

The place is suffused with a life force so strong that I can't tell if the breathing I hear is mine or the mountain's.
I feel like I'm climbing up a big, living organ rather than a mountain.

"...I know it's late to ask, but how do you feel, Shirou?"
Then.
Tohsaka suddenly asks me such a question.

"Huh...? I feel fine, but really not...
 To be honest, it's beyond my control."

I honestly tell her.
I can easily project dozens of weapons with this amount of magical energy.
But it's like having a jet engine inside of a worn-out plane, so the fuel might leak out and explode if I let my guard down.

"Wow, that's a luxurious worry. But it did succeed, huh? I was worried since it was the first time..."

My face burns up the instant I recall it.

"Hold on. Please don't talk about it right now."
"I-I know! I feel the same way.
 ...I'm talking about something else.
 I'm talking about the balance of the magical energy I'm giving to you and Saber. I'm sharing my magical energy between two people, so Saber is getting less energy now."

"OhI see. Then does that mean Saber can't fight with all her power?"

"Hey, don't take me so lightly.
 I won't do such a clumsy thing. The magical energy I'm giving you is small, so it's fine.
 But we can't push it. Saber can only use her holy sword once."

"She can only use her holy sword once?"
...Then we can't use the holy sword against Gilgamesh.
Saber's Noble Phantasm has to be saved to destroy the Holy Grail.

"Then Saber has to keep Gilgamesh busy without using her Noble Phantasm!?"

"Yeah, so we'll have to go help her as quickly as possible.
 I told her that she can use the holy sword if she can't stop Gilgamesh by herself.
 ...But that would be it for Saber. Only her holy sword can destroy the Holy Grail.
 So"


My breathing stops.
In short...
She will have to use her holy sword at the cost of her existence

"Tohsaka, that's..."
"...It can't be helped. It's what Saber said. She will destroy the Holy Grail even if I stop her."
Tohsaka murmurs as she looks away.


...Damn, how stupid of me.
It must be hard for Tohsaka as well.
Tohsaka doesn't want Saber to disappear either.
Then

"Let's hurry. We won't give Saber to Gilgamesh."
"Of course not. She's mine. I won't let him kill her."

We run.
We know what we have to do.
We have to stop the Holy Grail as fast as we can and go settle the match with Gilgamesh
The mountain is rumbling.
The sky is filled with dark clouds, and the trees are rustling as if shivering with fear.

She watches it all at the entrance to the mountain gate.
She understood that the Ryudou Temple was poisoned the instant she approached it.
The golden Servant isn't the only one waiting for her at the top of the stairs.
Something strange is waiting for her.


She takes a big breath.
She cannot afford to make a mistake.
If the mountain is a place of death, then she will draw all the risk to herself.
She wants the other two to make it out alive.

She cannot hold anything back.
She can only use her holy sword twice.
She understands that she will disappear the instant she activates the holy sword for the second time.

"I do not care. He is an enemy I cannot match unless I risk my life."
The king of heroes, Gilgamesh.
She cannot think of anything else but to use the holy sword against that man with a thousand Noble Phantasms.
'Go after thirty minutes, Saber.'
She recalls Rin's words.
It is only one more minute until the appointed time.
She breathes out and sets her condition.

Wind blows down from the mountaintop.
The instant the trees shiver against the evil wind, she starts up the stone steps.

She runs up in a flash.
Her attack must have been detected the instant she stepped onto the stairs.
The last Servant should appear at the temple.
She will get to him as quickly as possible so she can defeat him before Shirou and Rin arrive.

...She cannot disobey her Master's order.
She started off after waiting thirty minutes, just as Rin ordered.
Even if she arrives at the temple before Rin expects her to, she is not going against Rin's order.
It is just that she will protect her master's life, and go against Rin's expectation as a result.


If the thing leaking out from the mountain is pollution, Saber is a raging wind that blows the pollution away.
It should not take her a minute to get to the top.
She will be five minutes faster than what Rin is expecting.
She can end her fight against Gilgamesh in that time.

"Haa!"
She runs, enduring the mountain's chill.
The silver armor shoots up to the temple like a bullet.

And when she finally reaches the mountain gate...
"What?"
Her feet, which should not stop, come to an unexpected halt.
Sweat runs down her forehead.
She looks up at the mountain gate in astonishment.

"I have been waiting for you. I am glad you made it in time, Saber."
An elegant voice echoes through the night.
Moonlight glints off the longsword.
On the stairs leading up to the mountain gate...
Stands an enemy who should not exist.

"Assassin"
There is no elegance in Saber's voice.
An enemy that should not be there, an obstacle that should not exist.
She cannot be calm in the face of these surprises.

"What is wrong, Saber? Is it that much of a surprise that I am here?
 You should know that I am the guard here."
His pleased voice is calm and composed.
The swordsman is acting casually, even with the evil wind swirling about.

"...Impossible. Why are you here, Assassin...!? Caster summoned you. You cannot exist since Caster is gone...!"
"That should be the case for normal Servants. But I am a bit special. It is not a person, but this land that is binding me.
 Masters are the hosts which keep you in this world. It is this mountain in my case."

"Whathe land is the host...?"
"Right. Servants, ones without form, cannot maintain other Servants even if they are magi. A host from this age is needed to keep a Servant in this world.
 That fox summoned me and chose this land to be my host.
 Therefore, I am a Servant that can only appear here. I will not disappear as long as the mountain exists, even if Caster, my summoner, dies."

"But that is only borrowed time.
 The fox gave me about twenty days' worth of magical energy. You should be able to tell when my limit is."
Saying so, the swordsman raises his right hand.
Inside his elegant kimono...
His white arm is transparent like glass.

"Assassinyou..."
"I will not last until dawn, as you can see.
 The appointed time of twenty days is already over. It is just luck that kept me alive this long."


She looks up at the swordsman in astonishment.
Neither enmity nor murderous intent is emitted from his sword.
He just wishes for a fight.
He is demanding a meaningless battle.

"Then you have stayed just to fight against me, Assassin?"
"Do not let me say it, Saber. It will just turn into meaningless words if I say it."

He laughs.
She can understand how he feels.
But she does not have the time right now.
The other two will make it in time for the battle unless she hurries.
No, in the worst casethey will reach the temple to face Gilgamesh even before she does.

"Move aside, Assassin. The one that ordered you to protect this gate has died. There is no longer a reason to follow that command."
Saber asks while she takes a step forward.
But
"I refuse. I had no reason to fight from the start."
Assassin points his sword at Saber, saying that he will start the fight if she comes any closer.

"No, I do not have a reason to fight. From the very beginning, I have had nothing. I do not have pride as a heroic spirit, and I do not have a wish I want granted.
 Nofirst of all, it was a mistake that I got summoned. Because I am not Sasaki Kojirou."

"!?"
Saber's confusion reaches its limit.
Sasaki Kojirou.
It should be the true identity of this Servant.
But Assassin himself said that he is a fake.

"You should not be so surprised.
 Sasaki Kojirou was never more than a fictional swordsman without a true identity.
 It is said that he existed, but records on him are too vague.
 His 'past' was falsely forged as a convenient foe to a famed swordsman."

"I am sure a man named Sasaki Kojirou existed. I am also sure that there was a swordsman who used Monohoshizao.
 But they are not the same person.
 A swordsman with the name Sasaki Kojirou is a fictional character created to be his enemy's foil."

"You area fictional heroic spirit?"
"Yes, I am Sasaki Kojirou. It merely means that I am the best suited for this role.
 I do not have a name. I do not know how to read or write, and I was not fortunate enough to be given one."

"I am a phantom that was summoned just because I could execute Sasaki Kojirou's secret technique.
 As I am a false Servant, I cannot last long. Caster treated me as a disposable Servant because of that reason."

"See, there is no meaning in this, right?
 Even if I am to perform a great deed here, all the reward will go to 'Sasaki Kojirou'. I will get nothing. As I am nothing, everything is meaningless.
 I am not even clear about myself. I am only a disposable swordsman that acts out the role of Sasaki Kojirou."
His longsword wavers.
The fictional swordsman created by a fictional story blocks her way as if to fulfill his role.

"But.
 If there is a meaning in me, it is now.
 If there is a wish for 'me' who died nameless..."
He must have...
...He must have dreamed of a match with a superior swordsman who he could not have been allowed to witness as a nameless swordsman.

"Assassin."
...She readies her sword.
She cannot convince her enemy.
The only way she can answer the swordsman who is prepared for his death is to fight him.

"Then let us start.
 My life will end no matter what. There can be no better end than to die at your hand!"
His longsword moves.
Saber's sword repels the strike like moonlight.

"Kuh!"
His longsword wavers.
She cannot match Gilgamesh if she uses up her powers here.
But she cannot afford to hold back.
Noshe does not know if she can win, even if she uses all her powers.

His longsword gets more fierce with each blow.
A fictional swordsman.
A swordsman who can match a heroic spirit without a Noble Phantasm.
She must settle her match with him right here and now
"Let us."

And the swordsman readies his sword.
The only stance for the man who does not have a stance.
A fatal technique that cuts his enemy by simultaneously executing blows from different angles.
She has experienced the move before.
...The previous one only had an arc to surround his enemy and a vertical slash.
That is why she was able to avoid it and live up to this day.

But the real technique has three slashes.
A circular slash and a vertical slash. ...And probably a horizontal slash that cuts anyone that escapes sideways.
There is nowhere to run if the three attacks are executed all at once.
Once in range, the other two attacks will cut you even if one is blocked.
One cannot escape sideways, and the longsword will reach out even if one retreats.

Demonic technique, Tsubame Gaeshi.
A godly technique that even surpasses the Servants.
The ultimate attack, perfected by an anonymous swordsman using all his life.

The longsword trembles.
His body moves in with one step.
The distance to attack Saber.
Prison-like arcs are executed from a range that does not allow any defense!

Saber does not use her holy sword.
She cannot use her Noble Phantasm at this range.
No matter how fast Saber may be, Assassin's Tsubame Gaeshi is many times faster.
Her neck will be cut the instant she puts magical energy into her sword.
Therefore, her only weapon is pure technique.

The blade begins its arcs.
She feels despair from its precision and speed.
Such an attackhow much training was needed to get this far?


Fear is the only thing on her mind.
It cannot be blocked.
This technique is a technique of carnage that challenges God with mere human skill.
Only God would be able to block it.

"Haa"
She gulps.
There is a flash as small as a grain of sand.
She does not think about what it is, nor if it is correct.
She risks everything she has on her instinct.
"Ahh!"
She charges at her "victory" with all her might.

What did the fictional swordsman think of that?
"Kuh."
Silver armor passes through the gap beside his arm.
The opening between the swordsman's left arm and his waist.
Saber must have figured out that the small opening is the blind spot of the technique.

Even though the attack still chips off her armor, Saber curls up and flies through the opening.
An exquisite skill that is only possible with her precognitionher great instinct.
She was able to predict the true Tsubame Gaeshi since she experienced it once.

But that is not the surprising part.
It is her determination that kept her alive.
She trusted her insight and put all her power into the slight opening.
She shook off the fear that she would be slashed if she was even a moment late and charged into the small opening.
Therefore...
Her determination is the "strength" that defeated the demonic technique.

"Ah, gu......!"
But the match isn't over yet.
Even though Tsubame Gaeshi was avoided, her enemy is right beside her, and she charged in with speed quicker than the attack.
It is not easy to recover her stance from such a charge!

"Ha!"
The longsword strikes.
The attack is the quickest, even if it may not be as quick as the demonic technique.
But.
Her attack is a bit quicker than his.

"Gunu."
He closes his mouth.
He shuts his lips tight and tenses up so that he will not fall down.
Blood from his lungs fills his mouth, but he swallows it so that it will not spill out.
The golden-haired girl is below him.
The way of the swordsman does not allow him to dirty her with his blood.


Saber does not say anything.
Her golden hair flutters down to the ground.
...It is a wonder that her head is still attached.
...It is a miracle that her limbs are still attached.
...She felt that her body would be slashed the instant she went into that opening.

That was the only difference.
The longsword...
The swordsman's technique would have stayed invincible if his longsword had not been bent.

The air is shaking.
Another battle is still going on behind the mountain gate.
"......"
Unsure of what to say, Saber looks up at the dying swordsman.
To that...

"Go."
The swordsman tells her without looking at her.
How much meaning was contained in that word?
Saber pulls out her sword and runs up the stairs.
She does not turn back to the swordsman.
She runs to fulfill her role.

"HahI thought she was a beautiful bird, but she turned out to be a lion."
He murmurs as if that was to be expected.
She avoided something that even a sparrow could not avoid, so she cannot be something that is admired.

"Hm. I was confident in my skills to see through women. I guess I need more training in that as well."
The swordsman complains with a shrug.
His elegant clothing has lost its colors already.
His stomach is pierced and his bloodstained feet are vague.
He looks down at them and sits.

The branches shake.
The wind coming down from the top of the mountain rustles the forest.
And when the flowers scatter, the wind stops, and the moon darkens...
...The swordsman has disappeared without trace, as if his existence was just an illusion.
At that instant...
I develop the strongest weapon I have projected.
But it doesn't even serve as a shield.
The sword of separation.
The mysterious sword cuts through the wind, destroys six Noble Phantasms, and cuts my body apart.

It's disappearing.
The circuit is disconnected, and Tohsaka's magical energy disperses without a place to go.
"Da
mn."

I curse my worthlessness.
I knew that I'm unskilled. I curse myself for never thinking twice.
Why is this all the magical energy I have?
Just a bit more...
If I could reach into that darkness just a bit more, I could have fought like him

I fall to the ground.
I fly through the air and crash to the ground with great force.

I don't feel pain from the landing.
I don't have such a sense anymore.
Even my mind is going blank.
...Before I die.
The only thing filling my head is the surprise that my limbs are still attached.

"So that is all you can manage? I guess a fraud is just a fraud. You cannot save anyone."

...My heartbeat gets weaker.
My lungs do not move, rendering me unable to breathe.

"It would have been more fun if I let Archer live.
 He was a faker as well, but his ideal was not vulgar."

I can't see anything, but it seems it's not because my eyes are broken.
My organs are just too messed up to function as they should.
Maybe it's fortunate.
I don't have any sense of pain, so I should be able to die easily

"Oh. I remember, now that I think about it. He said your ideal is a borrowed one. How conceited of you to think that you can manage anything when you have nothing you created yourself."

I can't do that.
Even if I might go crazy from the pain, I need to regain my consciousness.
The deep part of me says so as it points to that place.

"A superhero? A world where no one gets hurt?
 Ridiculous. No world can preserve happiness without harming anyone.
 Humans cannot live without sacrifices. 'Peace' is a myth created by those who cower in fear of the dark.
 You lowlife. Your ideal is just an excuse to cover up your ugliness."


I raise my arm which should not be moving.
My fallen body and my dying mind.
I raise my hand to grab something, like I did on that day.

...I don't know what's funny, but someone's laughing.
It seems like everyone in this world is laughing.

A fake wish.
A borrowed ideal.
Someone scorning me, saying that my dream won't come true.

...Yes, that's exactly right.
My wishes are all borrowed.
I just admired the wish of wanting to help someone because it's beautiful.
So there's nothing that came from within me.
My body has always been driven by a curse-like obsession with helping others.

That's why it's a fake.
Such an imitation cannot save anything.
First of all, I'm not sure what needs to be saved.

But.
But I still felt that it's beautiful.

It was not born from within me.
I just saw someone save others and copied that behavior.
I was empty back then.
Everyone died, and I could not save anyone.
I could not bear the fear in front of me unless I gave up, saying that humans are weak.

That's why...

That's why I admired the ideal.
Because it was something I did not have, and its sanctity brought tears to my eyes.
Is that wrong?
Is it a fake if it's not mine?
Even if my wish is fake, is it wrong for it to come true?

No. I don't think it's wrong.

"AhAh."

I don't care, even if it's fake.
I'll make it come true, even if it's an impossible ideal.
It's an impossible wish from the start. An unreachable utopia.

Then, even if Emiya Shirou is a fake...
What's there has to be true.

"That's right. I already knew that."

I know that I can't save everything.
I know that there's no help without sacrifices.
I know that reality is like that because I became an adult.
I know it's only an ideal, but I still continue to seek it.

It's not the end after someone gets hurt.
Even if the best possible outcome has someone get hurt to save many others, I still want to pursue a resolution where nobody is hurt.
That there is no justice in this world, and that people die meaninglessly in reality...
I don't think such words are right...!

And he reaches this place at the end.

What I believe in.
What I believed in.
He said that they are all a fake.

But the one who said so followed through on his hypocrisy.
...Then I can keep going.
I don't care, even if it's a fake.
First of all, I'm too simple-minded to worry about such a thing.

I make up my mind on this hill of swords.
...That if I can save the world in front of me, I will fight for it.
I didn't even need to think about it.
My world is small.
This small "world" is all I have ever been able to create.

That's right.
        I am the bone of my sword.

...Yes, so I can endure most things.
Emiya Shirou can keep his dream until the very end.
...Even if...
What I seek is nowhere.

"So that's it!"
"!?"

I raise my body.
I can move my limbs again as soon as my consciousness returns.
My body still moves.
It's a wonder that I'm still alive, let alone moving, after his attack, but I don't care.

If I'm alive, there must be a reason why.
It's just that I don't know why.

"Did you project a shield...? I was reluctant to use that sword, but it should have been fatal.
 You are rather tenacious, boy."

"You were reluctant...? Heh, what's there to hold back when you have so many weapons?"

I keep my distance while I catch my breath.
I know how to do it now.
I should be able to do it with the backup from Tohsaka.
The problem is the casting.
Even though I have it memorized, I don't know how fast I can get it working until I try

"Heh. That was a sword that only a ruler is allowed to use.
 I showed it to you for the fun of it, but it is not something to be used against a lowlife.
 Saber is the only one allowed to fight against it.
 I will not be able to face Saber if I sully it on one such as you."

Numerous Noble Phantasms appear.
But they are all third-rate.
The difference is obvious after seeing that previous sword.

But they are not something I can take lightly.
They are more than enough to kill me.
The difference in our powers is the same.
Even though I managed to survive the previous attack, I cannot match that Servant with my projection.

"Oh, are you done with your copying? So you finally understand that it is useless, huh?
 Then disappear. I will not even leave a piece of your copying brain behind!"

The Noble Phantasms are released.
But...
"Shirou...!"
A blue rushing wind repels them.

"Saber...!"
Gilgamesh jumps back instantly.
Even Gilgamesh is cautious against Saber.
He wants to avoid hand-to-hand combat with her, as his technique is inferior.

"Good. Are you all right, Shirou?
 Sorry that I am late. I will take over now. Please stay away"

"No. I can manage Gilgamesh by myself. You're the one to go, Saber."

"Wh"
"at?"

"W-What are you saying, Shirou...!?
 You will fight him in that state of yours? No, a magus cannot match a Servant in the first place. You should know that...!"

"Yeah. But Gilgamesh and I are an exception. Trust me.
 I'll probably be able to beat him."
...Saber gasps.
Saber is surprised because she believes my words.

"Please hurry to the back, Saber. Tohsaka is stopping the Holy Grail by herself. You're the only one who can destroy it."

She closes her eyes once.
A few seconds... No, it's not even for a second.

"Good luck. I will go save Rin."
She says what I want to hear the most and steps away from Gilgamesh.

Her silver armor turns away.
"Saber."
I stop her just once.

"I could not save you."
And I say it.
I say it in place of the one who cared for her.

"I don't think that Holy Grail is the one you seek.
 ...Go take a good look at it so that you won't make a mistake next time."
"Shirou?"

"...Sorry. I can't put this into words real well. I guess I wasn't fit to be your Master.
 So"
I couldn't even figure out your true desire.

"That is not true. You are my Master, Shirou."
"Saber."
"I shall go fulfill my role as a Servant. We shall talk afterwards."

She runs without turning back.
She is gallant and looks like the wind.

Saber has left.
She believed in my promise that I would win and went to save Tohsaka.

Let's start.

I have no hesitation now.
All that's left is for me to defeat the enemy in front of me.

"Fuhaha, hahahaha!!!!!"

"Are you mad? You are letting go of your only chance of victory so that you can save that girl?
 Idiot. It is a lie to sacrifice yourself. You are a true hypocrite for not being able to realize that.
 Yes, I shall praise you for that."

The Noble Phantasms are set.
There are about thirty of them.
If I want to block them, I'll have to create it.

"...Imitations, faker, huh? Yeah, that doesn't sound too bad. I certainly am a faker."
I raise my arm.
I close one eye and look inside of me.

"Hm?"
"...I had the wrong idea. My magic isn't creating swords. First of all, I can't do such a skillful thing."

That's right.
Tohsaka said it too. I can only use one kind of magic.
Strengthening and projection are just a byproduct of it.

"...That's right. There's only one thing I can do, and that is to put shape to my mind."
I grab my right hand with my left and glare at Gilgamesh.

"I am the bone of my sword."
I cast the spell.
Casting is only a suggestion to change myself.
These words are to connect Emiya Shirou.

"I see. I am done with hearing your nonsense."
The numerous Noble Phantasms are released.
I'll make it.
This is why one of my eyes is open.
I pull out a shield from the hill to block the oncoming Noble Phantasms!

"Guh!"
The swarm of swords batter against the shield.
The shield is me myself.
My body breaks up as each petal of the shield is pierced and damaged.

"Steel is my body, and fire is my blood."
There's only one place I need to reach.
The flowing power fills me to capacity in an instant.

"What?"
What caused his shock?
Is it his Noble Phantasms that cannot penetrate through a single shield, or is it the magical energy in front of him?

"I have created over a thousand blades.
 Unaware of loss.
 Nor aware of gain."

It breaks.
The overflowing magical energy cannot be controlled.
Magical energy ten times the capacity of the circuit breaks its foundations trying to escape
"I cannot break through?"
Blood trickles from my mouth.
The shield is full of holes now.
Even though the Noble Phantasms did not reach me, my body is full of holes.
But still
"Withstood pain to create weapons.
 Waiting for one's arrival."
The magical energy rages around.
But I don't care.
This body is a circuit specialized to use this "one magic" from the start.
Then there should be more.
There should be something beyond this if I can't make it with this circuit.

...No, it is already there.
It's just that I can't see it.
There was no limitation to the circuit from the start.
If it was darkness, not a wall, that stopped the magical energy...
Then the limit is somewhere beyond the darkness

"I have no regrets. This is the only path."

Magical energy ten times the capacity of the circuit breaks its foundations trying to escapeand I use a hundred circuits to take in a thousand times the capacity.

"My whole life was 'unlimited blade works'"

I cast the true name.
At that instant.
Everything breaks and everything reforms.

Fire runs.
The fire becomes a wall and creates a border, changing the world.
A desolate land remains.
A hill with numerous swords.


What does he think of the scenery?
The golden Servant stands there with a gruesome expression.

"...That's right. I don't create swords.
 I create a world that contains infinite swords.
 This is the only magic allowed for me."

A desolate land.
A graveyard of swords, devoid of life.
Every sword exists in this world, as swords are reproduced just at a glance.

This is Emiya Shirou's world.
A Reality Marble.
It is the greatest forbidden magic that embodies the caster's internal world.
This is heroic spirit Emiya's Noble Phantasm and the only weapon I possess.

Everything is here, and nothing is here.
That is why this is called Unlimited Blade Works.
This is the only definite answer obtained by the one who lived as a sword all his life.

"Reality Marble. So this is your ability...!"
I take a step forward.
Stuck in the ground next to me are the swords that are floating behind Gilgamesh.

"There's no need to be surprised. These are all imitations.
 As you say, these are all trifling swords."
I reach out my arms.
The swords come out as if to accept me as their user.

"But there is no rule that an imitation cannot defeat the original.
 If you say you are the original, I shall surpass every one of your weapons and destroy your existence."
I move forward.
In front of me is the Servant with a thousand treasures.

"Here I come, king of heroesdo you have enough weapons in stock?"

"Hahyou forget your place, lowlife!"
The enemy opens the "gate" and readies numerous Noble Phantasms.
I run across the deserted land.
The two groups of swords start the final match.
You...
IDIOOOOOT!!!?
What a shock! I did not think someone would see this Tiger Dojo!
Oh Shirou, how shameful of you to die!
I have no advice to give!
Quickly go back to the choice and go finish the match!
Hi, is everyone doing well!?
Since Taiga is gone...
 Some special advice for all of you!
I bet everyone's troubled by how to get to Rin's good end, right?
This is a hint corner for people like you!
I have specially called for Senpai!
Senpai, how exactly can I get to the good end!?
Bring back on the 3rd night.
Go see how she's doing on the 5th morning.
Make her happy on the 8th day after school.
Talk in the dojo on the 10th night.
Dojo on the 15th night.
That's too exact, Senpai!
So we have to do all this!?
Nope. You only have to do four of these.
There's two that you don't have to do.
You can't get past the 12th day if you're too occupied with Saber.
Osu, thank you!
I guess that's how it is, so please start over from the 3rd day if you have some time!

